---
id: 10
title: "Disallow opening  a collection from a zip file from Windows Explorer"
description: "Test case for ‘Disallow opening a collection from a zip file from Windows Explorer’"
issues: []
created: 2024-08-27
last-modified: 2025-10-26
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download Fake Error Report Collection.zip from (https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/18eik85gFlBUdQ2Ml_FFkCa67h79hWhco) (Needs Developer's approval)
2. Verify 7-Zip is installed in the system.
3. Verify the latest Bloom is installed in the system.

**Action Steps**

1. Right click on the Windows Search bar.
2. Verify a popup menu opens.
3. Click the 'File Explorer' option.
4. Verify File Explorer window opens.
5. Click the Downloads option from the left pane.
6. Verify the downloaded Fake Error Report Collection.zip file appears.
7. Right click on Fake Error Report Collection.zip file.
8. Verify a popup menu opens.
9. Click Open With..option.
10. Verify a submenu appears.
11. Click the 'Windows Explorer' option.
12. Verify Fake Error Report Collection folder appears.
13. Double click on the Fake Error Report Collection folder.
14. Verify the Fake Error Report Collection folder opens.
15. Double click on the Fake Error Report Collection.bloomCollection.
16. Verify an error message "It looks like you are trying to open a Bloom Collection from inside of a ZIP file.." appears on the screen.
17. Click the OK button.
18. Verify the error dialog closes.
19. Click the Close button.
20. Verify the File Explorer window closes.
21. Right click on Fake Error Report Collection.zip file.
22. Verify a popup menu opens.
23. Click the 7-Zip option.
24. Verify a submenu appears.
25. Click the ‘Open Archive’ option.
26. Verify the 7-Zip dialog opens.
27. Verify Fake Error Report Collection folder appears.
28. Double click on the Fake Error Report Collection folder.
29. Verify Fake Error Report Collection.bloomCollection  file appears.
30. Double click on the BloomBook Collection.
31. Verify an error message "It looks like you are trying to open a Bloom Collection from inside of a ZIP file.." appears on the screen.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete Fake Error Report Collection.zip from Downloads folder.
2. Uninstall 7-Zip app.
3. Uninstall Bloom application.
