---
id: 100
title: "Adding and Deleting Books (Team Collections)"
description: "Test case for Adding and Deleting Books (Team Collections)"
issues: []
created: 2024-10-01
last-modified: 2025-10-10
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Users A & B are having a Shared Folder on both computers.
2. Download and Install Art of Reading from the given link : https://s3.amazonaws.com/bloomlibrary.org/ArtOfReading/ArtOfReading-Free-Setup3.3.exe on both the computers.
3. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

**User A**

1. Click the 'Other Collection' button.
2. Verify 'Open/Create Collections' dialog opens.
3. Click the 'Create New Collection' button.
4. Verify 'Create New Bloom Collection'  dialog opens.
5. Enter a valid language name (eg., 'English') in the Search box.
6. Verify the 'English’ language bar appears.
7. Click the 'English' language bar.
8. Click the Next button.
9. Verify Font and Script view appears.
10. Click the Next button.
11. Verify Give Language Location view appears.
12. Click the Next button.
13. Verify a valid collection book name (eg., English TC Book') appears as Collection Name.
14. Click the Next button.
15. Verify 'Ready to create New collection' pane appears.
16. Click the Finish button.
17. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
18. Verify a new collection (eg.,'English TC Books') appears on the Collections view.
19. Click the Get Help(?) option which appears from the top right corner of the Bloom application.
20. Verify the Help menu opens.
21. Click the Registration option.
22. Verify ‘Register’ dialog opens.
23. Enter a valid name (eg., shawn) in the First Name box.
24. Enter a valid name in the Surname (eg., jack) text box.
25. Enter a valid email id (eg., shawn@eth.net) in the Email Address text box.
26. Enter a valid name (eg., XXXXX) in the Organization text box.
27. Enter “Testing” in 'How are you using..' text box.
28. Verify the Register button gets enabled.
29. Click the Register button.
30. Verify the Register dialog closes.
31. Click the Settings button.
32. Verify Settings dialog opens.
33. Verify the Team Collections tab should not appear.
34. Click the Advanced Program Settings tab.
35. Verify Team Collections label appears with the empty checkbox.
36. Select the Team Collection Checkbox.
37. Verify the OK button changes to Restart.
38. Click the Restart button.
39. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
40. Click the Settings button.
41. Verify Team Collections tab shows.
42. Click on the Team Collections tab.
43. Verify 'This feature requires a Bloom subscription tier of ..' with Bloom Subscription Settings button.
44. Click the 'Bloom Subscription Settings' button.
45. Verify the ‘Bloom Subscription’ tab opens.
46. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
47. Verify the Restart button appears.
48. Click the Restart button.
49. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
50. Click the Settings button.
51. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
52. Click the Team Collection tab.
53. Click the ‘CREATE A TEAM COLLECTION’ option in the Team Collection tab.
54. Click the 'CHOOSE FOLDER' link button.
55. Verify "Select or create the folder where this collection will be shared" dialog box opens.
56. Click the Documents option from the left pane.
57. Verify the Documents folder opens.
58. Verify Shared folder appears.
59. Double-click on 'Shared folder'.
60. Click the 'Select Folder' button.
61. Verify the Shared folder location is set. (C:\Users\username\Documents\SharedFolder)
62. Check all the three boxes under 'Please read and check each of these items' heading.
63. Click the CREATE & RESTART button.
64. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
65. Verify the 'Team Collection' button appears on the tool bar.
66. Click a Basic book.
67. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
68. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
69. Enter A1 Book in the Front cover title box.
70. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
71. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
72. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
73. Press the Enter key.
74. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
75. Click any of the Car images.
76. Click the OK button.
77. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
78. Click the Collections tab.
79. Verify A1 Book thumbnail shows User A’s Avatar.
80. Verify the book status shows "this book is checked out to you"
81. Click a Basic book.
82. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
83. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
84. Enter A2 Book in the Front cover title box.
85. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
86. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
87. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
88. Press the Enter key.
89. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
90. Click any of the Car images.
91. Click the OK button.
92. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
93. Click the Collections tab.
94. Verify A2 Book thumbnail shows User A’s Avatar.
95. Verify the book status shows "this book is checked out to you"
96. Click a Basic book.
97. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
98. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
99. Enter A3 Book in the Front cover title box.
100. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
101. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
102. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
103. Press the Enter key.
104. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
105. Click any of the Car images.
106. Click the OK button.
107. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
108. Click the Collections tab.
109. Verify A3 Book thumbnail shows User A’s Avatar.
110. Verify the book status shows "this book is checked out to you"
111. Click a Basic book.
112. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
113. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
114. Enter A4 Book in the Front cover title box.
115. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
116. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
117. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
118. Press the Enter key.
119. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
120. Click any of the Car images.
121. Click the OK button.
122. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
123. Click the Collections tab.
124. Verify A4 Book thumbnail shows User A’s Avatar.
125. Verify the book status shows "this book is checked out to you"
126. Click a Basic book.
127. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
128. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
129. Enter A5 Book in the Front cover title box.
130. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
131. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
132. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
133. Press the Enter key.
134. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
135. Click any of the Car images.
136. Click the OK button.
137. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
138. Click the Collections tab.
139. Verify A5 Book thumbnail shows User A’s Avatar.
140. Verify the book status shows "this book is checked out to you"

**User B**

1. Open the Shared Folder. (eg., \\User A - pc\SharedFolder)
2. Verify the Team Collection book appears.
3. Double click on the Team collection book.
4. Verify 'Join this Team Collection' icon appears.
5. Double click on 'Join this Team Collection'
6. Verify 'Join the Bloom Team collection..' dialog appears.
7. Click the JOIN button.
8. Verify the Team Collection book opens.
9. Click a Basic book.
10. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
11. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
12. Enter B1 Book in the Front cover title box.
13. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
14. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
15. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
16. Press the Enter key.
17. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
18. Click any of the Car images.
19. Click the OK button.
20. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
21. Click the Collections tab.
22. Verify B1 Book thumbnail shows User B’s Avatar.
23. Verify the book status shows "this book is checked out to you"
24. Click a Basic book.
25. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
26. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
27. Enter B2 Book in the Front cover title box.
28. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
29. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
30. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
31. Press the Enter key.
32. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
33. Click any of the Car images.
34. Click the OK button.
35. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
36. Click the Collections tab.
37. Verify B2 Book thumbnail shows User B’s Avatar.
38. Verify the book status shows "this book is checked out to you"
39. Click a Basic book.
40. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
41. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
42. Enter B3 Book in the Front cover title box.
43. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
44. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
45. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
46. Press the Enter key.
47. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
48. Click any of the Car images.
49. Click the OK button.
50. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
51. Click the Collections tab.
52. Verify B3 Book thumbnail shows User B’s Avatar.
53. Verify the book status shows "this book is checked out to you"
54. Click a Basic book.
55. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
56. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
57. Enter B4 Book in the Front cover title box.
58. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
59. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
60. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
61. Press the Enter key.
62. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
63. Click any of the Car images.
64. Click the OK button.
65. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
66. Click the Collections tab.
67. Verify B4 Book thumbnail shows User B’s Avatar.
68. Verify the book status shows "this book is checked out to you"
69. Click a Basic book.
70. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
71. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
72. Enter B5 Book in the Front cover title box.
73. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
74. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
75. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
76. Press the Enter key.
77. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
78. Click any of the Car images.
79. Click the OK button.
80. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
81. Click the Collections tab.
82. Verify B5 Book thumbnail shows User B’s Avatar.
83. Verify the book status shows "this book is checked out to you".
84. Verify User A’s books do not appear under collections.

**User A**

1. Verify User B’s books do not appear in the book collection..
2. Click the A1 book thumbnail.
3. Verify the Context menu opens.
4. Click the Delete Book option.
5. Verify Confirm Delete dialog appears.
6. Click the Delete button.
7. Verify the A1 Book is deleted.
8. Click the A5 book thumbnail.
9. Verify the Context menu opens.
10. Click the Delete Book option.
11. Verify Confirm Delete dialog appears.
12. Click the Delete button.
13. Verify the A5 Book is deleted.

**User B**

1. Verify User A’s books do not appear in the book collection.
2. Click the B2 book thumbnail.
3. Verify the Context menu opens.
4. Click the Delete Book option.
5. Verify Confirm Delete dialog appears.
6. Click the Delete button.
7. Verify the B1 Book is deleted.
8. Click the B4 book thumbnail.
9. Verify the Context menu opens.
10. Click the Delete Book option.
11. Verify Confirm Delete dialog appears.
12. Click the Delete button.
13. Verify the B4 Book is deleted.

**User A**

1. Click on A2 Book thumbnail.
2. Enter 'This is for editing' under the Comments box. (in the right pane)
3. Click the 'CHECK IN BOOK' button.
4. Verify the A2's book status changes to "Available for editing"
5. Verify the Avatar circle disappears from the book thumbnail.
6. Verify Updates Available button illuminates.
7. Click 'Updates Available' button.
8. Verify Update dialog says 'A new book called 'A2 Book' was added by a teammate'
9. Click the Close button.
10. Verify Bloom does not restart.
11. Verify Updates Available button continues to be displayed.
12. Click on the Updates Available button.
13. Right click to Select All.
14. Copy results of dialog.
15. Paste into Notepad.
16. Verify "Time Stamp: A new book called 'A2 Book' was added by a teammate" in the notepad.
17. Click the RELOAD COLLECTION button.
18. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
19. Verify A2 book appears in the Collection pane.
20. Verify no avatar circle appears.
21. Verify A2 is available for editing.

**User A**

1. Click the A2 book thumbnail.
2. Click the CHECK OUT BOOK button.
3. Verify A2's book status changes to "checked out to you"
4. Verify avatar circle appears on thumbnail.

**User B**

1. Click on book A2 thumbnail.
2. Verify A2's book status changed to "checked out to User A"
3. Verify Edit button greyed out.
4. Verify User A's avatar appears on the thumbnail.

**User A**

1. Click on the triangle button of A2 book thumbnail.
2. Verify the Context menu opens.
3. Click the Delete book option.
4. Verify Confirm Delete dialog appears.
5. Click the Yes button.
6. Verify A2 book is deleted.

**User B**

1. Verify TC Problem Encountered button appears.
2. Click on the Problem Encountered button.
3. Verify the log says "One of your teammates has deleted the book"A2 ". Since this book is selected, your copy will not be deleted until you reload the collection."
4. Click RELOAD COLLECTION.
5. Verify the TC Problems Encountered button appears.
6. Click on the Problem Encountered button.
7. Status reports "Moving 'A2' to your recycle bin as it was deleted in the Team Collection."
8. Click the Close button.
9. Verify book A2 is no longer listed under Collections.
10. Verify the TC button returns to normal.
11. Click on book B1.
12. Verify the book status says "checked out to you".

**User A**

1. Click A3 book thumbnail.
2. Click the CHECK IN BOOK button.
3. Verify 'This book is available for editing' message appears.
4. Verify the Avatar circle disappears from the thumbnail.

**User B**

1. Verify Updates Available button illuminates.
2. Click the 'Updates Available' button.
3. Verify Update dialog says 'A new book called 'A3 Book' was added by a teammate'
4. Verify update dialog contains a RELOAD COLLECTION button
5. Click RELOAD COLLECTION button
6. Verify  book A3 appears in the Collection pane.
7. Verify no avatar circle on A3 book.

**User A**

1. Click on A3 book.
2. Click the CHECK OUT BOOK button.
3. Verify A3's book status changes to "checked out to you".
4. Verify A's avatar appears on the thumbnail.

**User B**

1. Verify A's avatar appears on A3's thumbnail

**User A**

1. Click on the triangle button of A3 book thumbnail.
2. Verify the Context menu opens.
3. Click the Delete book option.
4. Verify Confirm Delete dialog appears.
5. Click the Yes button.
6. Verify A3 book is deleted from collections.

**User B**

1. Verify A3 is silently deleted from collections.
2. Verify Updates Available does not appear.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete Team Collection book.
3. Close Bloom application.
