---
id: 101
title: "Disconnected  State (Team Collections)"
description: "Test case for Disconnected State (Team Collections)"
issues: []
created: 2024-10-01
last-modified: 2025-08-11
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Create a Shared Folder in User A’s computer system (Needs Network Admin's approval).
2. Launch Bloom application.
3. Click the Get Help option from the Bloom application.
4. Verify the Help menu opens.
5. Click the Registration option.
6. Verify ‘Register’ dialog opens.
7. Enter a valid name (eg., shawn) in the First Name box.
8. Enter a valid name in the Surnam (eg., jack) text box.
9. Enter a valid email id (eg., shawn@eth.net) in the Email Address text box.
10. Enter a valid name (eg., XXXXX) in the Organization text box.
11. Enter a valid reason (eg., Testing)  in 'How are you using..' text box.
12. Verify the Register button gets enabled.
13. Click the Register button.
14. Verify the Register dialog closes.
15. Click the Settings button.
16. Verify Settings dialog opens.
17. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
18. Verify there is an empty text box appearing in the Subscription Code.
19. Click the Team Collection tab.
20. Verify 'This feature requires a Bloom subscription tier of ..' with Bloom Subscription Settings button.
21. Click the 'Bloom Subscription Settings' button.
22. Verify the ‘Bloom Subscription’ tab opens.
23. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
24. Verify the Restart button appears.
25. Click the Restart button.
26. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

**User A**

1. Click the 'Other Collection' button from the Bloom toolbar.
2. Verify the 'Open/Create Collections' dialog opens.
3. Click the 'Create a New Collection' button.
4. Verify 'Create New Bloom Collection' dialog opens.
5. Type "tamil" in the search box.
6. Verify Tamil language bar appears under the search box.
7. Click the Tamil language bar.
8. Verify Tamil script box appears under Tamil language bar.
9. Click the Next button.
10. Verify the 'Font and Script' dialog opens.
11. Click the Next button.
12. Verify the 'Given Language Location' dialog opens.
13. Click the Next button.
14. Enter "Tamil share books"  in the 'Collection Name' dialog box.
15. Click the Next button.
16. Verify 'Ready to Create New Collection' dialog opens.
17. Click the Finish button.
18. Verify the 'Tamil share books' is created in the Bloom Editor.
19. Click the Collections button.
20. Click the Basic Book.
21. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
22. Click  MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
23. Verify the Book opens in the Edit view.
24. Click the Front Cover page thumbnail.
25. Enter 'Test Book  1'
26. Click the Add Page button.
27. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
28. Click the Basic Text & Picture template under Basic Pages heading.
29. Click the Add Page button.
30. Verify the Basic Text & Picture page is added.
31. Click the Basic Book.
32. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
33. Click  MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
34. Verify the Book opens in the Edit view.
35. Click the Front Cover page thumbnail.
36. Enter 'Test Book  2'
37. Click the Add Page button.
38. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
39. Click the Basic Text & Picture template under Basic Pages heading.
40. Click the Add Page button.
41. Verify the Basic Text & Picture page is added.
42. Click the Collections tab.
43. Click ‘Test Book 1’ book thumbnail.
44. Click the ‘CHECK OUT BOOK’ button.
45. Verify 'Test Book 1' thumbnails show User A's avatar dot.
46. Verify book status bar says "This book is checked out to you"
47. Verify a yellow 'CHECK IN BOOK' button appears.
48. Click the Settings button.
49. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
50. Click the Team Collection tab.
51. Verify CREATE A TEAM COLLECTION button appears.
52. Click the CREATE A TEAM COLLECTION button.
53. Verify 'Create a Team Collection' dialog opens.
54. Verify the Dropbox folder path appears under LAN or Dropbox Folder heading. (eg., C:\Users\UserName\Dropbox)
55. Click the CHOOSE FOLDER button.
56. Verify 'Select or create the folder where this collection will be shared' dialog box appears.
57. Click the Documents folder from the left pane.
58. Verify the Documents folder opens on the right pane.
59. Click 'Shared Folder'.
60. Click the 'Select Folder' button.
61. Verify the Path is changed under LAN or Dropbox Folder heading. (eg., C:\Users\UserName\Documents\SharedFolder)
62. Click all the three checkboxes under 'Please read and check each of these items:' heading.
63. Verify CREATE & RESTART button is enabled.
64. Click the CREATE & RESTART button.
65. Verify the Bloom application gets restarted.
66. The Verify 'Team Collection' icon appears in the Bloom tool bar.

User B
1. Press Windows key + E.
2. Verify  File Explorer window opens..
3. Double Click on the Shared Folder from the Network location. (eg., C:\Users\UserName\Documents\SharedFolder)
4. Verify XXXXXXX - TC folder (eg., Tamil share book) appears.
5. Double click on XXXXXXX - TC (eg., Tamil share book) folder.
6. Verify the XXXXXXX - TC folder (eg., Tamil share book) opens.
7. Double click on 'Join this Team Collection' option.
8. Verify 'Join the Bloom Team Collection "XXXXXXX Books" dialog (eg., Tamil share book) appears.
9. Click the JOIN button.
10. Verify the “XXXXXX  Books” (eg., Tamil share book) opens in the Bloom application.
11. Verify ‘Test Book 1’ book thumbnail shows User A’s avatar dot.
12. Verify book status bar says "This book is checked out to User A"
13. Verify it displays the correct date for check out.
14. Verify no CHECK OUT button appears.
15. Verify ‘Test Book 2’ book thumbnail appears.
16. Verify it does not show any Avatar dot.

User A
1. Unplug the LAN (Network) Cable from the computer.
2. Restart Bloom application.
3. Verify Bloom get restarted.
4. Verify the TC icon shows a Disconnected state.
5. Click on the Disconnected icon.
6. Verify an error message appears in the Status dialog.
7. Click on Test Book 2 (which was not checked out)
8. Verify the book's status pane should display a disconnected state.
9. Click on Test Book 1 (which was checked out)
10. Verify EDIT THIS BOOK button is still enabled.
11. Click EDIT THIS BOOK button
12. Verifying the book status should indicate you can't check the book in.
13. Plug the LAN (Network) Cable again to the computer.
14. Click the Disconnected icon from the toolbar.
15. Verify the dialog box opens with the RELOAD COLLECTION button.
16. Click the RELOAD COLLECTION button.
17. Verify the disconnected state should be cleared.
18. Verify the TC icon should display.
19. Unplug the LAN (Network) Cable from the computer.
20. Click on Test Book 2 (which is available for Editing)
21. Click the CHECK OUT BOOK button.
22. Verify the TC icon should change to Disconnected state.
23. Verify the book's status panel should change from "available for editing" to "Disconnected"
24. Verify EDIT THIS BOOK button should change to grey.
25. Click on the Disconnected icon from Bloom toolbar.
26. Verify TC dialog opens.
27. Verify an error message (eg., No network is available..)appears.
28. Click the RELOAD COLLECTION button.
29. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
30. Verify the Disconnected icon still appears on the Bloom toolbar.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete Tamil share book (Team Collection)
2. Delete the Subscription code.
3. Close Bloom application.
