---
id: 102
title: "Specific Scenarios (Team Collections)"
description: "Test case for Specific Scenarios (Team Collections)"
issues: []
created: 2024-10-01
last-modified: 2025-10-15
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download a very large book (eg., Tangshang Dictionary BL-7277.zip) from the given link : https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1p6CZvRwcSnLMwuv7J2j0Pcd_QWBo5fFv in to the downloads folder.
2. Extract the zip file.
3. Copy the Tangshang Dictionary folder.
4. Press Windows+E keys.
5. Verify the File Explorer window opens.
6. Click the Documents option from the left pane.
7. Verify the Documents folder opens.
8. Double click on the Bloom folder.
9. Right click on a Book folder. (eg., English Books folder)
10. Verify an option menu opens.
11. Click the 'Rename' option.
12. Rename the folder into 'Test English Books'
13. Double click on the 'Test English Books' folder.
14. Verify the book folder opens.
15. Double click on the .bloombookcollection file.
16. Verify the book opens in the Bloom application.
17. Click the Settings button.
18. Verify Settings dialog opens.
19. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
20. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the code.
21. Click the Restart button.
22. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
23. Click the Settings button.
24. Verify Settings dialog opens.
25. Click the Advanced Program Settings tab.
26. Select 'Team Collections' checkbox.
27. Click the Restart button.
28. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Settings button.
2. Verify Settings dialog opens.
3. Click the CREATE A TEAM COLLECTION button.
4. Click the CHOOSE FOLDER button.
5. Verify 'Select or create the folder where this collection will be shared' dialog appears.
6. Select a Shared folder.
7. Click the 'Select Folder' button.
8. Verify the selected location appears under LAN or Dropbox Folder.
9. Click all the three checkboxes.
10. Click the CREATE & RESTART button.
11. Verify Register Bloom dialog opens.
12. Enter 'Shawn' in the First Name.
13. Enter 'jack' in the Surname.
14. Enter a valid email address in the Email Address box. (eg., shawn@eth.net)
15. Enter an organisation name in the text box.
16. Enter 'Testing' under How are you using Bloom? question box.
17. Click the Register button.
18. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
19. Verify the Team Collection book appears on the Bloom.
20. Close the Bloom application.
21. Open the Shared Team Collection folder.
22. Verify the Collection folder name should display the original collection name. (eg., 'English Books -TC). not the folder name (eg., Test English Books)
23. Paste ‘Tangshang Dictionary’ folder into the shared Team Collection folder.
24. Launch Bloom application.
25. Verify the newly added ‘Tangshang Dictionary’ book appears under the Book collection.
26. Click the Tangshang Dictionary BOOK thumbnail.
27. Click the ‘CHECK IN BOOK’ button.
28. Verify hours of glass immediately after shows.
29. Close the Bloom application.
30. Open a TC folder which already exists on the computers.
31. Double click on the 'Join this Team collection' button.
32. Verify 'This computer is already connected to this collection' message appears in a dialog.
33. Click the OPEN button.
34. Verify TC Book opens in the bloom application.
35. Click the Settings button.
36. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
37. Click the Team Collection tab.
38. Click on "experimental@bloomlibrary.org' email link.
39. Verify the default email program opens directly.
40. Close the window.
41. Click on shared folder link under 'Cloud Storage Folder Location'
42. Verify the shared folder opens.
43. Double click on the xxxx xxxx -TC (eg., English Books -TC)folder.
44. Verify the -TC book folder opens.
45. Double click on the Books folder.
46. Verify the books folder opens.
47. Right click on a book file name. (eg., The First Easter2.bloom).
48. Verify a popup menu opens.
49. Click Open with > Notepad editor.
50. Verify the file opens in the Notepad editor.
51. Press Ctrl+A to select all.
52. Press the Delete key to delete all the content.
53. Save the file.
54. Close Bloom application.
55. Restart Bloom application.
56. Verify 'Syncing Team Collection' dialog appears with an error message. "There is a problem with the book.."
57. Click the 'here' link near the "Please click here to get help.." sentence.
58. Verify an error reporting dialog opens.
59. Click the Close button.
60. Select some other book under the Book Collection.
61. Click the 'CHECK IN BOOK' button.
62. Disconnect the Internet.
63. Verify the 'Team Collection' button from the tool bar is changed to 'Disconnected' button.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the large book collection (eg., Tangshang Dictionary)
3. Delete the Team Collection Book.
4. Delete the Shared folder. (from LAN)
5. Close Bloom application.
