---
id: 103
title: "Moving a TC repo then join (Team Collections)"
description: "Test case for moving a TC repo then try to join it (Team Collections)"
issues: []
created: 2024-10-01
last-modified: 2025-08-12
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Create a Shared Folder in User A’s computer system (Needs Network Admin's approval).
2. Launch Bloom application.
3. Click the Get Help option from the Bloom application.
4. Verify the Help menu opens.
5. Click the Registration option.
6. Verify ‘Register’ dialog opens.
7. Enter a valid name (eg., shawn) in the First Name box.
8. Enter a valid name in the Surnam (eg., jack) text box.
9. Enter a valid email id (eg., shawn@eth.net) in the Email Address text box.
10. Enter a valid name (eg., XXXXX) in the Organization text box.
11. Enter a valid reason (eg., Testing)  in 'How are you using..' text box.
12. Verify the Register button gets enabled.
13. Click the Register button.
14. Verify the Register dialog closes.
15. Click the Settings button.
16. Verify Settings dialog opens.
17. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
18. Verify there is an empty text box appearing in the Subscription Code.
19. Click the Team Collection tab.
20. Verify 'This feature requires a Bloom subscription tier of ..' with Bloom Subscription Settings button.
21. Click the 'Bloom Subscription Settings' button.
22. Verify the ‘Bloom Subscription’ tab opens.
23. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
24. Verify the Restart button appears.
25. Click the Restart button.
26. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

User A
1. Click the 'Other Collection' button from the Bloom toolbar.
2. Verify the 'Open/Create Collections' dialog opens.
3. Click the 'Create a New Collection' button.
4. Verify 'Create New Bloom Collection' dialog opens.
5. Type "tamil" in the search box.
6. Verify Tamil language bar appears under the search box.
7. Click the Tamil language bar.
8. Verify Tamil script box appears under Tamil language bar.
9. Click the Next button.
10. Verify the 'Font and Script' dialog opens.
11. Click the Next button.
12. Verify the 'Given Language Location' dialog opens.
13. Click the Next button.
14. Enter "Tamil share books"  in the 'Collection Name' dialog box.
15. Click the Next button.
16. Verify 'Ready to Create New Collection' dialog opens.
17. Click the Finish button.
18. Verify the 'Tamil share books' is created in the Bloom Editor.
19. Click the Collections button.
20. Click the Basic Book.
21. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
22. Click  MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
23. Verify the Book opens in the Edit view.
24. Click the Front Cover page thumbnail.
25. Verify the Front cover page opens
26. Enter 'Test Book1' in the Book title.
27. Click the Change Image button.
28. Verify Image toolbox opens.
29. Type 'flower' in the Search bar.
30. Click the Search bar button.
31. Verify the flower images appear on the preview pane.
32. Click a flower (or any of the flower images) from the image pane.
33. Click the OK button.
34. Verify the Flower image added in the picture pane.
35. Click the Add Page button.
36. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
37. Click the Basic Text & Picture template under Basic Pages heading.
38. Click the Add Page button.
39. Verify the Basic Text & Picture page is added.
40. Click the Collections button.
41. Click the Basic Book.
42. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
43. Click  MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
44. Verify the Book opens in the Edit view.
45. Click the Front Cover page thumbnail.
46. Verify the Front cover page opens
47. Enter 'Test Book2' in the Book title.
48. Click the Change Image button.
49. Verify Image toolbox opens.
50. Type 'flower' in the Search bar.
51. Click the Search bar button.
52. Verify the flower images appear on the preview pane.
53. Click a flower (or any of the flower images) from the image pane.
54. Click the OK button.
55. Verify the Flower image added in the picture pane.
56. Click the Add Page button.
57. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
58. Click the Basic Text & Picture template under Basic Pages heading.
59. Click the Add Page button.
60. Verify the Basic Text & Picture page is added.
61. Click the Collections tab.
62. Click the Settings button.
63. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
64. Click the Team Collection tab.
65. Verify Bloom Subscription Settings dialog appears.
66. Enter ‘Test-727011-1339’ in the Subscription code.
67. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
68. Click the Settings button.
69. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
70. Click the Team Collection tab.
71. Verify CREATE A TEAM COLLECTION button appears.
72. Click the CREATE A TEAM COLLECTION button.
73. Verify 'Create a Team Collection' dialog opens.
74. Verify the Dropbox folder path appears under LAN or Dropbox Folder heading. (eg., C:\Users\UserName\Dropbox)
75. Click the CHOOSE FOLDER button.
76. Verify 'Select or create the folder where this collection will be shared' dialog box appears.
77. Click the Documents folder from the left pane.
78. Verify the Documents folder opens on the right pane.
79. Click 'Shared Folder'.
80. Click the 'Select Folder' button.
81. Verify the Path is changed under LAN or Dropbox Folder heading. (eg., C:\Users\UserName\Documents\SharedFolder)
82. Click all the three checkboxes under 'Please read and check each of these items:' heading.
83. Verify CREATE & RESTART button is enabled.
84. Click the CREATE & RESTART button.
85. Verify the Bloom application gets restarted.
86. The Verify 'Team Collection' icon appears in the Bloom tool bar.

User B
1. Press Windows key + E.
2. Verify  File Explorer window opens..
3. Double Click on the Shared Folder from the Network location. (eg., C:\Users\UserName\Documents\SharedFolder)
4. Verify XXXXXXX - TC folder (eg., Tamil share book) appears.
5. Double click on XXXXXXX - TC (eg., Tamil share book) folder.
6. Verify the XXXXXXX - TC folder (eg., Tamil share book) opens.
7. Double click on 'Join this Team Collection' option.
8. Verify 'Join the Bloom Team Collection "XXXXXXX Books" dialog (eg., Tamil share book) appears.
9. Click the JOIN button.
10. Verify the “XXXXXX  Books” (eg., Tamil share book) opens in the Bloom application.
11. Verify ‘Test Book1’  and ‘Test Book2’ appear under (eg.,)Team Collection-TC  Collections.
12. Click the Close Button.
13. Verify the Bloom application closes.

User A
1. Click Test Book1 book thumbnail.
2. Verify the CHECK OUT BOOK button appears on the right pan.
3. Click the CHECK OUT BOOK button.
4. Verify CHECK IN BOOK button appears.
5. Click the CHECK IN BOOK button.
6. Verify CHECK OUT BOOK button appears.
7. Click the CHECK OUT BOOK button.
8. Click the CHECK IN BOOK button.
9. Click the CHECK OUT BOOK button.
10. Click the CHECK IN BOOK button.
11. Click the CHECK OUT BOOK button.
12. Click the CHECK IN BOOK button.
13. Verify either Bloom will handle quick succession fine, or possibly a "problem encountered" button appears.
14. Click the Problem encountered button.
15. Verify an error message appears on the dialog.
16. Click the RELOAD COLLECTION button.
17. Verify the bloom gets restarted.
18. Verify the Team Collection button appears on the toolbar.
19. Click on the triangle button near  (eg.,)'Team Book Collection- Books' in the Collections view.
20. Verify a popup menu opens.
21. Click 'Make Reader Template Bloom Pack..' option
22. Verify Make Reader Template Bloom Pack dialog box opens.
23. Click the check box near 'I understand ..' label.
24. Verify 'Save Bloom Pack' button appears.
25. Click the 'Save Bloom Pack' button.
26. Verify Save As dialog appears.
27. Click the 'Save' button.
28. Verify (eg.,) 'Team Book CollectionXXXX' BloomPack is created in the Documents folder.
29. Double Click on the Team Book CollectionXXXX.BloomPack file.
30. Verify Bloom Pack Installation dialog appears.
31. Click the OK button.
32. Verify the Team Book CollectionXXXX opens in the Bloom Editor.
33. Verify TC-specific files (eg., a book already checked in should not appear in the Book Collection) are excluded.

User B
1. Click 'Test Book1' book thumbnail.
2. The Verify CHECK OUT BOOK button appears on the right pane.
3. Click the CHECK OUT BOOK button.
4. Click on 'Test Book2' book thumbnail immediately.
5. Verify only the Test Book 1 is checked out
6. Verify the progress bar should not freeze.

User A
1. Click Team Collection badge (or button) from the toolbar.
2. Verify Team Collection dialog opens.
3. Click the Status tab.
4. Click the CHECK IN ALL BOOKS button.
5. Verify only books checked out to you are checked in.

User B
1. Click Team Collection badge (or button) from the toolbar.
2. Verify Team Collection dialog opens.
3. Click the Status tab.
4. Click the CHECK IN ALL BOOKS button.
5. Verify only books checked out to you are checked in.

User A
1. Click the Settings button.
2. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
3. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
4. Verify Bloom Subscription tab opens.
5. Enter an expire code 'Little-Zebra-005747-4798'.
6. Verify the Restart button appears.
7. Click the Restart button.
8. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
9. Verify the Disconnected button appears on the toolbar.
10. Click on the Disconnected button.
11. Verify the Team Collection dialog opens.
12. Verify an error message'Team collections require a Bloom subscription tier of at least "LocalCommunity' appears on the dialog.
13. Click the Close button.
14. Verify the Team Collection dialog closes.
15. Click the Settings button.
16. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
17. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
18. Verify Bloom Subscription tab opens.
19. Enter 'A-Happy-Group-of-Devs-LC-005941-9332' in the subscription code box.
20. Verify the Restart button appears.
21. Click the Restart button.
22. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
23. Verify the Team Collection badge (or button) appears on the toolbar.

User B
1. Click 'Test Book 1' book thumbnail.
2. Verify the CHECK OUT BOOK button appears.
3. Click  the CHECK OUT BOOK button.
4. Verify 'This book is checked out to you' message appears.
5. Right click on 'Test Book 1' book thumbnail.
6. Verify the option menu opens.
7. Click the 'Rename Book..' option.
8. Enter 'Test this Book' in the Edit box.
9. Click the Enter key.
10. Verify the book name is changed.
11. Click the CHECK IN BOOK button.

User A
1. Click the 'Updates Available' button.
2. Verify the Team Collection dialog opens.
3. Click the 'RELOAD COLLECTION' button.
4. Verify bloom gets restarted.
5. Verify the renamed book 'Test this book' appears on the Collections view.
6. Press Windows Key + E
7. Verify the File Explorer dialog opens.
8. Click the Documents folder which appears in the left pane.
9. Double click on the 'Share Folder' from the right pane.
10. Verify the Share Folder opens.
11. Right click on Team Collection -TC book (eg., Tamil Share books).
12. Verify a pop up menu opens.
13. Click the 'Cut' option.
14. Click the Documents option from the left pane.
15. Verify the Documents folder open.
16. Press Ctrl+V keys.
17. Verify the (eg.,) Team Collection -TC  folder is pasted on the Documents folder.
18. Double click on the (eg.,)Team Collection -TC  folder.
19. Verify the (eg.,)Team Collection -TC  folder opens.
20. Double click on 'Join this Team Collection' option.
21. Verify 'Join the Bloom Team Collection..' dialog opens with a Warning message.
22. Click on the Join button.
23. Verify the Team Collection -TC book opens.
24. Verify the Disconnected option appears on the toolbar.
25. Click on the Disconnected button.
26. Verify an error message appears on the Team Collection dialog.
27. Click the Close button.
28. Verify the Team Collection dialog closes.
29. Click the Bloom Window Close button.
30. Verify the Bloom application closes.

User B
1. Double click on the Bloom application.
2. Verify the Bloom application opens.
3. Verify the Disconnected button appears on the bloom toolbar.
4. Click on the Disconnected button.
5. Verify an error message appears on the Team Collection dialog.
6. Click the Close button.
7. Verify the Team Collection dialog closes.
8. Click the Bloom Window Close button.
9. Verify the Bloom application closes.

User A
1. Press Windows Key + E
2. Verify the File Explorer dialog opens.
3. Click the Documents folder which appears in the left pane.
4. Verify the Documents folder open.
5. Verify the moved Team Collection -TC folder appears.
6. Right click on the Team Collection -TC folder.
7. Verify a popup menu appears.
8. Click the Delete option.
9. Verify the Team Collection -TC folder is removed from the Documents folder.
10. Double click on the Bloom application.
11. Verify the Bloom application opens.
12. Verify the Disconnected button appears in the toolbar.
13. Click the Disconnected button.
14. Verify an error message appears on the Team Collection dialog.
15. Click the Close button.
16. Verify the Bloom application closes.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Team Collection - TC book.
3. Close Bloom application.
