---
id: 104
title: "Changing Settings (Team Collections)"
description: "Test case for Changing Settings (Team Collections)"
issues: []
created: 2024-10-01
last-modified: 2025-10-27
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. User A & B, with a shared folder. (via LAN Network)
2. Set Both User’s (eg., User A and User B) registered.
3. Create a Shared Folder in User A’s computer system (Needs Network Admin's approval)

**Action Steps**

**User A**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Click the 'Other Collection' button.
3. Verify 'Open/Create Collections' dialog opens.
4. Click the 'Create New Collection' button.
5. Verify 'Create New Bloom Collection'  dialog opens.
6. Enter a valid language name (eg., 'English') in the Search box.
7. Verify the 'English’ language bar appears.
8. Click the 'English' language bar.
9. Click the Next button.
10. Verify Font and Script view appears.
11. Click the Next button.
12. Verify Give Language Location view appears.
13. Click the Next button.
14. Verify a valid collection book name (eg., English Books') appears as Collection Name.
15. Click the Next button.
16. Verify 'Ready to create New collection' pane appears.
17. Click the Finish button.
18. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
19. Verify a new collection (eg.,'English Books') appears on the Collections view.
20. Click the Get Help(?) option which appears from the top right corner of the Bloom application.
21. Verify the Help menu opens.
22. Click the Registration option.
23. Verify ‘Register’ dialog opens.
24. Enter a valid name (eg., shawn) in the First Name box.
25. Enter a valid name in the Surname (eg., jack) text box.
26. Enter a valid email id (eg., shawn@eth.net) in the Email Address text box.
27. Enter a valid name (eg., XXXXX) in the Organization text box.
28. Enter “Testing” in 'How are you using..' text box.
29. Verify the Register button gets enabled.
30. Click the Register button.
31. Verify the Register dialog closes.
32. Click the Settings button.
33. Verify Settings dialog opens.
34. Verify the Team Collections tab should not appear.
35. Click the Advanced Program Settings tab.
36. Verify Team Collections label appears with the empty checkbox.
37. Select the Team Collection Checkbox.
38. Verify the OK button changes to Restart.
39. Click the Restart button.
40. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
41. Click the Settings button.
42. Verify Team Collections tab shows.
43. Click on the Team Collections tab.
44. Verify 'This feature requires a Bloom subscription tier of ..' with Bloom Subscription Settings button.
45. Click the 'Bloom Subscription Settings' button.
46. Verify the ‘Bloom Subscription’ tab opens.
47. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
48. Verify the Restart button appears.
49. Click the Restart button.
50. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
51. Click the Settings button.
52. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
53. Click the Team Collection tab.
54. Verify ‘CREATE A TEAM COLLECTION’ option appears in the Team Collection tab.
55. Verify 'Create a Team Collection' dialog opens.
56. Verify the dropbox folder is detected.
57. Click the CHOOSE FOLDER button.
58. Verify 'Select or create the folder where this collection will be shared' dialog opens.
59. Click the Documents option from the left pane.
60. Double click on 'Shared Folder'.
61. Click the Select Folder button.
62. Verify the Path set to the desired location. (eg., C:\Users\UserName\Documents\SharedFolder)
63. Select all the three checkboxes under “Please read and check each of these items:”
64. Verify the CREATE & RESTART button is enabled.
65. Click CREATE&RESTART button.
66. Verify Bloom get restarted.
67. Verify "Team Collection" dialog appears on the bloom toolbar.
68. Click the Basic Book under Templates.
69. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
70. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
71. Enter 'Test Book' in the Front cover title box.
72. Click the Collections tab.
73. Verify the book thumbnail appears with User A's avatar.

**User B**

1. Open the Shared Folder. (eg., \\UserName-PC\SharedFolder)
2. Verify the newly created Team Collection folder appears. (eg.,New Test Collection)
3. Double click on the new Test Collection folder.
4. Verify 'Join this Team Collection' file appears in the opened folder.
5. Double click on 'Join this Team Collection' file.
6. Verify "Join the Bloom Team Collection.." dialog appears.
7. Click the "Join" button.
8. Verify the new team collection book opens in Bloom.

**User A**

1. Click the 'CHECK IN BOOK' button.
2. Verify the User A's avatar disappears from the Book thumbnail.
3. Verify 'This book is available for editing' message appears.
4. Verify 'CHECK OUT BOOK' appears on the lower right pane.

**User B**

1. Verify the "Updates Available" button appears on the bloom toolbar.
2. Click the "Updates Available" button.
3. Verify 'Status' dialog appears.
4. Click the RELOAD COLLECTION button.
5. Verify the 'Test Book' appears under New Test Collection.

**User A**

1. Click the Settings button.
2. Verify Settings dialog opens.
3. Click the Team Collection tab.
4. Add User B's email under the 'Administrator Emails' box. (eg., jack@eth.net)
5. Click the Languages tab.
6. Click the "Set" link button under Sign Language.
7. Verify the Choose Language dialog opens.
8. Enter "Sign" in the Search name.
9. Click the 'American Sign Language' bar.
10. Click the OK button.
11. Click the Book Making tab.
12. Select 'SIL-PNG' option under Front/Back Matter Pack.
13. Click the Project Information tab.
14. Enter 'California' under Province.
15. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
16. Enter "Adele-Community-Project-LC-006203-3545' in the subscription code.
17. Click the Restart button.
18. Verify bloom gets restarted.

**User B**

1. Verify the "Updates Available" button appears on the bloom toolbar.
2. Click the "Updates Available" button.
3. Verify 'Status' dialog appears.
4. Verify "One of your teammates has made changes to the collections settings" message appears.
5. Click the Close button.
6. Verify the update dialog closes and the "Updates Available" icon does not disappear.
7. Click on the "Updates Available" button.
8. Verify the "Status" dialog appears.
9. Click the RELOAD COLLECTION button.
10. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
11. Verify sync dialogue shows then closes.
12. Click 'Basic Book' under Teamplates.
13. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
14. Enter 'Test Book 2' in the Front cover title box.
15. Click the Collections tab.
16. Verify the 'Test Book 2' thumbnail appears with User B's avatar.
17. Click the Settings button.
18. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
19. Verify the 'American Sign Language' appears under Sign Language in Languages tab.
20. Click the 'Book Making' tab.
21. Verify 'SIL-PNG' option is selected.
22. Click the Project Information tab.
23. Verify the name 'California' appears under the Province box.
24. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
25. Verify the new changed code 'Adele-Community-Project-LC-006203-3545' appears in the subscription code.
26. Click the OK button.
27. Verify the Settings dialog closes.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete Team Collection Book.
2. Delete the Shared Folder.
3. Delete the Subscription code.
4. Close the Bloom application.
