---
id: 105
title: "Updates not lost behind other windows"
description: "(13,14,15) Test case to verify the \"updates\" or \"applying updates\" doesn't get lost behind other Windows"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-08
last-modified: 2025-10-14
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application. (Latest Version)

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Get Help (?) button which appears at the top right corner of the Bloom application.
2. Verify a popup menu opens.
3. Click the "Check For New Version" option.
4. Verify "Your Bloom is up to date" toast message appears.
5. Enter 'Network ' in the Windows Search bar.
6. Verify 'Network Status' option appears on the menu.
7. Click the 'Network Status' option.
8. Verify the Setting dialog opens.
9. Click the 'Change adapter options' setting.
10. Verify Network Connections dialog opens.
11. Right click on the Network icon. (eg., Ethernet)
12. Verify a popup menu opens.
13. Click the 'Disable' option.
14. Verify the Network connection is disabled.
15. Click the Help (?) button from the Standard toolbar.
16. Verify the Help menu opens.
17. Click the "Check for New Version" option.
18. Verify a toast message "Could not connect to server for an update. Can you connect to the Internet?" appear at the bottom right corner of the application window.
19. Verify it doesn't get stuck after losing internet access.
20. Enter 'Network ' in the Windows Search bar.
21. Verify 'Network Status' option appears on the menu.
22. Click the 'Network Status' option.
23. Verify the Setting dialog opens.
24. Click the 'Change adapter options' setting.
25. Verify Network Connections dialog opens.
26. Right click on the Network icon. (eg., Ethernet)
27. Verify a popup menu opens.
28. Click the 'Enable' option.
29. Verify the Network connection is enabled.
30. Verify "Can't check for new version offline" message should not continue after reconnecting the Internet.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Close Bloom application.
