---
id: 106
title: "Auto login after Blorg signin"
description: "(16) Check Bloom automatically install updates after sign in to Blorg"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-08
last-modified: 2025-07-31
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Older Version of Bloom application.
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the ‘Advanced Program Settings’ tab.
5. Click the 'Automatically Update Bloom' check box to enable this feature.
6. Click the OK button.
7. Click the Close button.
8. Verify the Bloom application closes.
9. Relaunch Older version of Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button available on the right pane.
3. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
5. Click the Front Cover page .
6. Enter 'Test Book' in the Book title.
7. Click the Add Page button.
8. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
9. Click the 'Just Text' template.
10. Click the Add Page button.
11. Verify the Just Text page is added.
12. Enter "There once was a boy who grew bored while watching over the village sheep. "in the text box.
13. Click the Publish tab.
14. Click the Web button.
15. Click 'Click to fix' under the Missing Copyright heading.
16. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
17. Type 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
18. Click the OK button.
19. Verify three empty checkboxes appear under Agreements heading.
20. Click all the three checkboxes under Agreements heading.
21. Click the 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
22. Verify 'Sign In / Sign Up' dialog appears.
23. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
24. Verify 'Sign in with email'  dialog appears.
25. Enter a valid user email (eg.,barani@eth.net) in the email text field.
26. Click the 'Next' button.
27. Enter a valid password (eg.,B1234567@u)in the password field.
28. Click the 'Sign In' button.
29. Verify the 'UPLOAD BOOK(TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG) button appears under Upload heading.
30. Click the 'UPLOAD BOOK(TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG) button
31. Verify Upload Progress..message appears.
32. Verify "Downloading Updates..New Version for Bloom" toast message appearing on the Window.
33. Wait for a few seconds.
34. "Upadte for Newer version is ready" with 'Restart Bloom to update' link button appears.
35. Click on the 'Restart Bloom to update' link button.
36. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
37. Verify Bloom Version is up to date.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic book.
2. Close Bloom application.
