---
id: 107
title: "Blorg credentials lost after upgrade"
description: "(17) Upgrading Bloom causes a loss of Blorg login credentials"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-08
last-modified: 2025-10-13
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Older version of Bloom application.
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Advanced Program Settings tab.
5. Verify the 'Automatically Update Bloom' checkbox is not checked.
6. Click the OK button.

**Action Steps**

1. Click Basic Book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button at the right pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the books open in the Edit mode.
5. Click the Front Cover page.
6. Paste 'English Stories' text in the title box.
7. Click the Credits Page thumbnail.
8. Verify the Credits Page appears.
9. Click the 'Needs Copyright' link button.
10. Verify the Copyright and License dialog opens.
11. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
12. Click the OK button.
13. Click the Add Page button.
14. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
15. Click the 'Just Text' template.
16. Click the Add Page button.
17. Verify the Just Text page is added.
18. Enter 'A hungry fox once looked everywhere for food. He couldn’t find anything until he stumbled upon a farmer’s wall. He saw big, purple, juicy grapes in the text box.
19. Click the Publish tab.
20. Click the Web button.
21. Verify Publish to Web page opens.
22. Check all the three checkboxes under Agreements.
23. Select the Visibility (Draft) Check box.
24. Click 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
25. Verify it opens the Sign In / Sign Up dialog.
26. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
27. Enter the registered email (with bloom) in the Email text box. (eg., shawn@eth.net)
28. Click the Next button.
29. Enter valid password in the password text box.
30. Click the Sign In button.
31. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button appears on the Publish to Web view.
32. Click 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button
33. Wait for a few seconds.
34. Verify VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button appears.
35. Click the 'Get Help' button which appears at the top right corner of the page.
36. Verify a popup menu opens.
37. Click the 'Check for New Version' option.
38. Wait for a few seconds.
39. Verify a toast message 'A new version of Bloom is available' with 'Update Now' link button.
40. Click the 'Update Now' link button.
41. Verify applying updates progress toast appears and reaches 100%
42. Verify 'Update for New Version' is ready.
43. Click the 'Restart Bloom to Update' button.
44. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
45. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
46. Verify the books open in the Edit mode.
47. Click the Publish tab.
48. Click the Web button.
49. Verify the Login credentials should be retained.  (Issues We'll Live with for now)

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic book.
2. Close Bloom application.
