---
id: 108
title: "Check for new version"
description: "(19) Check New Version is available"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-08
last-modified: 2025-09-05
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Open the web browser
2. Navigate to the URL “https://bloomlibrary.org/page/resources/all-bloom-installers”.
3. Download any of the older versions of the “Bloom” and install it.
4. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the “Get Help(?)” icon from the standard toolbar.
2. Verify that the “Help” menu is displayed.
3. Click the “Check For New Version” from the displayed menu.
4. Verify that the menu is closed.
5. Verify that the ”A new version of Bloom is available” popup is displayed in the right bottom corner of the application.
6. Click the “Update Now” hyper link from the displayed popup.
7. Verify that the “Downloading update to (Current version) ” popup is displayed
8. After downloading, verify that the “Applying Updates” popup is displayed on the right bottom corner of the application.
9. After updating the application, verify that the “Update for (Current version) is ready” popup is displayed on the right bottom corner of the application.
10. Click the  “Restart Bloom to Update” Hyperlink in the  “Update for (Current version) is ready” popup.
11. Verify that the “Bloom” is restarted.
12. Click the “Get Help(?)” icon from the standard toolbar.
13. Click the “Check For New Version” from the displayed menu.
14. Verify that the “Your Bloom is up to date” popup is displayed on the right bottom corner of the application.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Close Bloom application.
