---
id: 11
title: "Extra scroll bar for long error message"
description: "Test case for Error report dialog with long message has extra scroll bar"
issues: []
created: 2024-08-27
last-modified: 2025-10-17
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Enter 'Environment variable' in the Windows Search bar.
2. Verify 'Edit the System Environment Variable' option appears.
3. Click the 'Edit the System Environment Variable' option.
4. Verify Environment Variables dialog opens.
5. Click the New button.
6. Verify New User Variable dialog box appears.
7. Enter "BloomSandbox" in the Variable name.
8. Enter "True" in the Value box.
9. Click the OK button.
10. Click the OK button to close the Environment Variables dialog.
11. Download the Fake Error Report Collection.zip file from the following link: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/18eik85gFlBUdQ2Ml_FFkCa67h79hWhco (Needs Developer's approval) in the Download folder.
12. Right click on 'Fake Error Report Collection' zip file.
13. Verify an option menu opens.
14. Click Extract Here.
15. Verify 'Fake Error Report Collection' folder appears.
16. Double click on the 'Fake Error Report Collection' folder.
17. Verify the folder opens.
18. Double click on "Fake Error Report Collection.BloomBookCollection"file.
19. Verify Bloom Pack Installation dialog opens.
20. Click the OK button.
21. Verify Fake Error Report Collection opens in the Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the 'Error Notify User Legacy Interface' book.
2. Click the 'EDIT THIS BOOK' button.
3. Verify 'Bloom had a problem' error dialog opens.
4. Verify the 'CustomerReport' button appears.
5. Verify Close button appears.
6. Click the 'CustomReport' button.
7. Verify a warning message appears 'Report button clicked. [Legacy].
8. Click the OK button.
9. Verify the dialog closes.
10. Click the Collections tab.
11. Verify the Collections view appears.
12. Click the 'Error Notify User LongMessage' book.
13. Click the 'EDIT THIS BOOK' button.
14. Verify 'Bloom had a problem' error dialog opens.
15. Verify Long message appears in the dialog.
16. Verify Long message displays with a scrollbar appear.
17. Click the Scroll down bar downwards.
18. Verify the Long message does not disrupt other fields under “Bloom had a problem” dialog.
19. Click the Close button.
20. Verify the dialog closes.
21. Click the Collections tab.
22. Verify the Collections view appears.
23. Click the 'Error Notify NoReport2' book.
24. Click the 'EDIT THIS BOOK' button.
25. Verify Bloom had a problem dialog opens.
26. Verify only the Close button appears.
27. Click the Close button.
28. Verify the dialog closes.
29. Click the Collections tab.
30. Verify the Collections view appears.
31. Click the 'Error Notify NoReport3' book.
32. Click the 'EDIT THIS BOOK' button.
33. Verify Bloom had a problem dialog opens.
34. Verify only the Close button appears.
35. Click the Close button.
36. Verify the dialog closes.
37. Click the Collections tab.
38. Verify the Collections view appears.
39. Click the 'Error Notify NoReport' book.
40. Click the 'EDIT THIS BOOK' button.
41. Verify Bloom had a problem dialog opens.
42. Verify only the Close button appears.
43. Click the Close button.
44. Verify the dialog closes.
45. Click the Collections tab.
46. Verify the Collections view appears.
47. Click the 'Error Notify Report NoRetry 2' book.
48. Click the 'EDIT THIS BOOK' button.
49. Verify 'Bloom had a problem' dialog opens.
50. Verify Report button appears.
51. Verify Close appears.
52. Click the Report button.
53. Verify it brings up non-fatal problem dialog. (eg., Fake problem for development/testing..message appears on the dialog)
54. Click the Close button.
55. Verify the dialog closes.
56. Click the Collections tab.
57. Verify the Collections view appears.
58. Click the 'Error Notify Report NoRetry' book.
59. Click the 'EDIT THIS BOOK' button.
60. Verify 'Bloom had a problem' dialog opens.
61. Verify Report button appears.
62. Verify Close button appears.
63. Click the Report button.
64. Verify it brings up non-fatal problem  report dialog. (eg., Fake problem for development/testing..message appears on the dialog)
65. Click the Close button.
66. Verify the dialog closes.
67. Click the Collections tab.
68. Verify the Collections view appears.
69. Click the 'Error NotifyUser Report Retry' book.
70. Click the 'EDIT THIS BOOK' button.
71. Verify 'Bloom had a problem' dialog opens.
72. Verify Report button appears.
73. Verify Retry button appears.
74. Verify Close button appears.
75. Click the "Report" button.
76. Verify it brings up non-fatal problem  report dialog. (eg., Fake problem for development/testing..message appears on the dialog)
77. Click the Close button.
78. Click the Collections tab.
79. Verify the collections view opens.
80. Click the 'EDIT THIS BOOK' button.
81. Verify 'Bloom had a problem' dialog opens.
82. Click the "Retry" button.
83. Verify a message appears "Secondary Action button pressed" on the dialog.
84. Click the OK button.
85. Verify the dialog closes.
86. Click the Collections tab.
87. Verify the collections view opens.
88. Click the 'EDIT THIS BOOK' button.
89. Verify 'Bloom had a problem' dialog opens.
90. Click the Close button.
91. Verify the ‘Bloom had a problem’ dialog closes.
92. Click the Collections tab.
93. Verify the collections view opens.
94. Click the 'Error ReportFatalException' book.
95. Click the 'EDIT THIS BOOK' button.
96. Verify 'Bloom encountered an error and needs to quit' dialog opens.
97. Verify the 'Submit' button appears.
98. Verify the 'Quit' button appears.
99. Click the 'Quit' button.
100. Verify Bloom closes.
101. Restart Bloom application.
102. Click the 'EDIT THIS BOOK' button.
103. Verify 'Bloom encountered an error and needs to quit' dialog opens.
104. Click the Submit button. (Optional)
105. Verify it creates a card on Youtrack. (Optional)
106. Click the Collections tab.
107. Verify the collections view opens.
108. Click the 'Error ReportFatalMessageWithStackTrace' book.
109. Click the 'EDIT THIS BOOK' button.
110. Verify 'Bloom encountered an error and needs to quit' dialog opens.
111. Click the 'Learn more' button.
112. Verify it opens the stack trace in the details.
113. Click the Back button.
114. Verify 'Bloom encountered an error and needs to quit' dialog appears.
115. Click the Quit button.
116. Verify Bloom closes.
117. Restart Bloom application.
118. Click the 'EDIT THIS BOOK' button.
119. Verify 'Bloom encountered an error and needs to quit' dialog opens.
120. Click the 'Submit' button. (Optional)
121. Verify bloom creates a card on the Youtrack. (Optional)
122. Click the Collections tab.
123. Verify the collections view opens.
124. Click the 'Error ReportNonFatalException' book.
125. Click the 'EDIT THIS BOOK' button.
126. Verify 'Bloom had a problem' dialog opens.
127. Verify NonFatal Problem Report appears on the dialog.
128. Verify the first line says 'Fake exception for development/testing purposes'
129. Click the 'Learn More' button.
130. Verify it shows the stack trace.
131. Click the Back button.
132. Verify NonFatal Problem Report dialog appears
133. Click the Close button.
134. Verify the 'Bloom had a problem' dialog closes.
135. Click the Collections tab.
136. Verify the collections view opens.
137. Click the 'EDIT THIS BOOK' button.
138. Verify 'Bloom had a problem' dialog opens.
139. Click the 'Submit' button. (Optional)
140. Verify the bloom creates a card in Youtrack. (Optional)
141. Click the Collections tab.
142. Verify the collections view opens.
143. Click the 'Error ReportNonFatalExceptionWithMessage' book.
144. Click the 'EDIT THIS BOOK' button.
145. Verify 'Bloom had a problem' dialog opens.
146. Verify NonFatal Problem Report appears on the dialog.
147. Verify the first line says 'Fake problem for development/testing purposes'
148. Click the 'Learn More' button.
149. Verify it shows the stack trace.
150. Click the Back button.
151. Verify NonFatal Problem Report dialog appears
152. Click the Close button.
153. Verify the 'Bloom had a problem' dialog closes.
154. Click the Collections tab.
155. Verify the collections view opens.
156. Click the 'EDIT THIS BOOK' button.
157. Verify 'Bloom had a problem' dialog opens.
158. Click the 'Submit' button. (Optional)
159. Verify the bloom creates a card in Youtrack. (Optional)
160. Click the Collections tab.
161. Verify the collections view opens.
162. Click 'Error ReportNonFatalExceptionWithMessage Scrollbar' book.
163. Click the 'EDIT THIS BOOK' button.
164. Verify 'Bloom had a problem' dialog opens.
165. Verify NonFatal Problem Report appears on the dialog.
166. Verify a Long message displayed with a working scrollbar.
167. Scroll down the message.
168. Verify the Long message does not interfere with elements below it.
169. Click the 'Learn More' button.
170. Verify it shows the stack trace.
171. Click the Back button.
172. Verify NonFatal Problem Report dialog appears
173. Click the Close button.
174. Verify the 'Bloom had a problem' dialog closes.
175. Click the Collections tab.
176. Verify the collections view opens.
177. Click the 'EDIT THIS BOOK' button.
178. Verify 'Bloom had a problem' dialog opens.
179. Click the 'Submit' button. (Optional)
180. Verify the bloom creates a card in Youtrack. (Optional)
181. Click the Collections tab.
182. Verify the collections view opens.
183. Click the 'Error ReportNonFatalMessageWithStackTrace' book.
184. Click the 'EDIT THIS BOOK' button.
185. Verify 'Bloom had a problem' dialog opens.
186. Verify 'NonFatal Problem Report' appears on the dialog.
187. Verify the first line says "Fake problem for development/testing purposes".
188. Click the 'Learn More' button.
189. Verify it shows the stack trace.
190. Click the Back button.
191. Verify NonFatal Problem Report dialog appears
192. Click the Close button.
193. Verify the 'Bloom had a problem' dialog closes.
194. Click the Collections tab.
195. Verify the collections view opens.
196. Click the 'EDIT THIS BOOK' button.
197. Verify 'Bloom had a problem' dialog opens.
198. Click the 'Submit' button. (Optional)
199. Verify the bloom creates a card in Youtrack. (Optional)

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete Fake Error Report Collection.
2. Close Bloom application.
