---
id: 110
title: "2-way communication Bug Reports"
description: "(36,37) Test case for 2-way communication in Bug Reporting"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-08
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Click the Help button.
3. Verify the Help menu opens.
4. Click the Registration option.
5. Verify Register BloomVersion dialog appears.
6. Enter valid name in the First Name box. (eg., shawn)
7. Enter valid name in the Surname Name box. (eg., jack)
8. Enter valid Email Address in the Email Address box. (eg., shawn@eth.net)
9. Enter a valid name in the Organization box. (eg., tlc)
10. Enter an answer in the Question box. (eg., Testing)
11. Click the Register button.
12. Relaunch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
4. Click the Help (?) button from the Standard toolbar.
5. Verify the option menu opens.
6. Click on the "Report a Problem" option.
7. Verify "Report a Problem" dialog opens.
8. Verify the Screenshot is correct and of good quality.
9. Verify your email and name from your registration are filled in.
10. Click the Submit button.
11. Verify the issue has been created in the youtrack.
12. Verify the issue link should appear on the Report a Problem dialog.
13. Click the Close button.
14. Verify the issue opens in the Youtrack application.
15. Click on the issue number which appears with the issue name "Error Report".
16. Verify the book is attached as a zip file in that issue.
17. Verify the user gets an email from the Bloom Team.
18. Verify the reporter's email receives a response.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic Book.
2. Close Youtrack application.
3. Close Bloom application.
