---
id: 111
title: "Xmatter ship options"
description: "(63) Different options we ship for Xmatter"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-08
last-modified: 2025-10-17
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom Application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Settings button.
2. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
3. Click the Book Making tab.
4. Click 'Device' under Front/Back Matter Pack.
5. Click the Restart button.
6. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
7. Click 'The Moon and the Cap' Shell book under Sample Shells.
8. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
9. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
10. Verify the front matter pages (eg., Title page, Credits page) appear before End Extra 1 page thumbnail in Pages list.
11. Click the Publish tab.
12. Click the BloomPUB button.
13. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
14. Click the Preview button.
15. Verify the book opens in the preview pane.
16. Navigate to all the pages.
17. Verify the front matter pages (eg., Title page, Credits page) appear before the last page.
18. Click the Collections tab.
19. Verify the Collections view opens.
20. Click the Settings button.
21. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
22. Click the Book Making tab.
23. Click 'Paper Saver' under Front/Back Matter Pack.
24. Click the Restart button.
25. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
26. Click 'The Moon and the Cap' Shell book under Sample Shells.
27. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
28. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
29. Verify that the Credits page (appears inside the cover)next to the front cover page.
30. Click the Publish tab.
31. Click the PDF & Print button.
32. Verify Publish to PDF & Print opens.
33. Click the Simple mode button.
34. Verify the book opens in the PDF format.
35. Verify that the Credits page (appears inside the cover)next to the front cover page.
36. Click the Collections tab.
37. Verify the Collections view opens.
38. Click the Settings button.
39. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
40. Click the Book Making tab.
41. Click 'SIL-PNG' under Front/Back Matter Pack.
42. Click the Restart button.
43. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
44. Click 'The Moon and the Cap' Shell book under Sample Shells.
45. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
46. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
47. Click the Credits page.
48. Verify that "SIL PNG Ukarumpa" appears as the Publisher's address.
49. Click the Publish tab.
50. Click the PDF & Print button.
51. Verify Publish to PDF & Print opens.
52. Click the Simple mode button.
53. Verify the book opens in the PDF format.
54. Navigate to the Credits page.
55. Verify that "SIL PNG Ukarumpa" appears as the Publisher's address.
56. Click the Collections tab.
57. Verify the Collections view opens.
58. Click the Settings button.
59. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
60. Click the Book Making tab.
61. Click 'Super Paper Saver' under Front/Back Matter Pack.
62. Click the Restart button.
63. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
64. Click 'The Moon and the Cap' Shell book under Sample Shells.
65. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
66. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
67. Verify the title page appears in the Inside Front cover page.
68. Verify the Credits page appears on the Inside Back cover page.
69. Click the Publish tab.
70. Click the PDF & Print button.
71. Verify Publish to PDF & Print opens.
72. Click the Booklet Cover mode button.
73. Verify the book opens in the PDF format.
74. Verify the Title page and the Credits page appear as the cover pages.
75. Click the Collections tab.
76. Verify the Collections view opens.
77. Click the Settings button.
78. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
79. Click the Book Making tab.
80. Click 'Traditional' under Front/Back Matter Pack.
81. Click the Restart button.
82. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
83. Click 'The Moon and the Cap' Shell book under Sample Shells.
84. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
85. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
86. Verify the Credits page appears next to the Title page.
87. Click the Publish tab.
88. Click the PDF & Print button.
89. Verify Publish to PDF & Print opens.
90. Click the Simple mode button.
91. Verify the book opens in the PDF format.
92. Verify the Credits page appears next to the Title page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete ‘The Moon and the Cap’ Book.
2. Close the Bloom application.
