---
id: 112
title: "es-MX Windows culture"
description: "(68) Test case for setting Windows culture to es-MX, (Authoring)"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-08
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Type Language settings in the Windows Search bar.
2. Verify Language settings option appears.
3. Click Language settings option
4. Verify Language settings window opens.
5. Click the 'Add a language' button under Preferred languages.
6. Verify Choose a language to install dialog opens.
7. Enter "spanish mexico" in the Search bar.
8. Verify Spanish Mexico language appears.
9. Select Spanish Mexico language
10. Click the Next button.
11. Click the Install button.
12. Verify the installation completed.
13. Restart Windows.
14. Verify ‘ESP’ Spanish Mexico language appears as the windows system language.

**Action Steps**

1. Download the Spanish book from the given link: https://bloomlibrary.org/book/Nx80gRwuiB
2. Verify the book opens in the Bloom application.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
5. Click the Credits page.
6. Verify the Copyright Information should appear in Spanish language.
7. Click 'Basic Book' under Templates. (eg., Libro basico under Plantillas)
8. Click CREAR UN LIBRO UTILIZANDO ESTE LIBRO FUENTE button.
9. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
10. Click the Credits page (ie. Pagina de creditos page thumbnail).
11. Click the 'Needs Copyright' button.
12. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
13. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
14. Click the OK button.
15. Verify the Copyright information appears in Spanish.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Uninstall Spanish Mexico language.
2. Delete the Spanish book.
3. Delete the Basic book.
4. Close Bloom application.
