---
id: 113
title: "Use template starter in same condition (Authoring)"
description: "(69) Use template starter in same condition (Authoring)"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-08
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Type Language settings in the Windows Search bar.
2. Verify Language settings option appears.
3. Click Language settings option
4. Verify Language settings window opens.
5. Click the 'Add a language' button under Preferred languages.
6. Verify Choose a language to install dialog opens.
7. Enter "spanish mexico" in the Search bar.
8. Verify Spanish Mexico language appears.
9. Select Spanish Mexico language
10. Click the Next button.
11. Click the Install button.
12. Verify the installation completed.
13. Restart Windows.
14. Verify ‘ESP’ Spanish Mexico language appears as the windows system language.

**Action Steps**

1. Click 'Plantilla de inicio' (template starter) book.
2. Click CREAR UN LIBRO UTILIZANDO ESTE LIBRO FUENTE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
4. Click the 'Agregar pagina'(Add Page) button.
5. Verify the Add page dialog opens.
6. Select 'Texto basico e imagen' (Basic Text & Picture) template.
7. Click the AGREGAR PAGINA (Add Page) button.
8. Verify the page is added.
9. Click the 'Colecciones' tab.
10. Click the Libro basico (Basic Book)  book.
11. Click CREAR UN LIBRO UTILIZANDO ESTE LIBRO FUENTE button.
12. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
13. Click the 'Agregar pagina'(Add Page) button.
14. Verify the Add page dialog opens.
15. Verify 'Texto basico e imagen' template appears under 'My Template'
16. Click the 'Agregar pagina'(Add Page) button.
17. Verify the page is added.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Uninstall Spanish Mexico language.
2. Delete the Spanish book.
3. Delete the Template starter book.
4. Delete the Basic book.
5. Close Bloom application.
