---
id: 114
title: "Corruption free template books"
description: "(70) Template books don’t get corrupted"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-08
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Type Language settings in the Windows Search bar.
2. Verify Language settings option appears.
3. Click Language settings option
4. Verify Language settings window opens.
5. Click the 'Add a language' button under Preferred languages.
6. Verify Choose a language to install dialog opens.
7. Enter "spanish mexico" in the Search bar.
8. Verify Spanish Mexico language appears.
9. Select Spanish Mexico language
10. Click the Next button.
11. Click the Install button.
12. Verify the installation completed.
13. Restart Windows.
14. Verify ‘ESP’ Spanish Mexico language appears as the windows system language.

**Action Steps**

1. Download the Cat and Dog  book from the given link: https://bloomlibrary.org/EFL-education-for-life-org/EFL-CatandDog/book/rFnCBRPsDs
2. Verify the book opens in the Bloom application.
3. Click CREAR UN LIBRO UTILIZANDO ESTE LIBRO FUENTE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Click the 'Agregar pagina'(Add Page) button.
6. Verify the Add page dialog opens.
7. Scroll up and Scroll down several times.
8. Click the Close button.
9. Verify the Add page dialog closes.
10. Click the 'Agregar pagina'(Add Page) button.
11. Verify the Add page dialog opens.
12. Scroll up and Scroll down several times.
13. Click Imagen en el medio template.
14. Click the 'Agregar pagina'(Add Page) button.
15. Verify the page is added.
16. Click the 'Agregar pagina'(Add Page) button.
17. Verify the Add page dialog opens.
18. Scroll up and Scroll down several times
19. Click Texto basico e image (ie., Basic Text and Picture) template under My Template (ie., Custom template)
20. Click the 'Agregar pagina'(Add Page) button.
21. Verify the Custom template page is added.
22. Verify that the template pages for standard Bloom book templates do not get corrupted.
23. Verify  custom template pages are intact.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Uninstall Spanish Mexico language.
2. Delete the Cat and Dog  book.
3. Close Bloom application.
