---
id: 116
title: "Create a Template Starter book"
description: "(72) Creating a Template Starter book"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-08
last-modified: 2025-09-15
---

# Steps

**Setup steps**

1. Launch the Bloom application.
2. Create a Collection named ‘English Books’

**Action Steps**

1. Click on the ‘Template Starter’ template from the ‘Specialized Templates’ on the left pane
2. Verify that the ‘Template Starter’ template is opened in preview mode
3. Click on the ‘MAKE A BOOK USING THIS  SOURCE’ button
4. Verify that the ‘Template Starter’ template is opened in edit mode
5. Verify that the ‘Pages’ pane appears on the left
6. Click on the ‘Add Page’ button on the ‘Pages’ pane
7. Verify that the ‘Add Page…’ dialog appears
8. Click on the ‘Basic Text & Picture’ template
9. Click on the ‘ADD PAGE’ button
10. Verify that the page is added to the book
11. Verify the Page ‘1’ thumbnail appeared on the ‘Pages’ pane on the left side
12. Click on the Page ‘1’ thumbnail
13. Verify that the page ‘1’ opened in the editor pane
14. Verify that the page appears with a dashed line border .
15. Click on the ‘Basic Text & Picture’ label appeared on the top left corner of the page.
16. Verify that the label text is editable
17. Click on the label text
18. Press “Ctrl + A” and Backspace using keyboard to clear label text
19. Type “Test Page Label” in the label field
20. Verify that the label text is updated as “Test Page Label”
21. Click on the Collections tab
22. Click on the ‘Basic Book’ template from the ‘Sources For New Books’ on the left pane
23. Verify that the ‘Basic Book’ template is opened in preview mode
24. Click on the ‘MAKE A BOOK USING THIS  SOURCE’ button
25. Verify that the ‘Basic Book’ template is opened in edit mode
26. Click on the ‘Add Page’ button on the ‘Pages’ pane
27. Verify that the ‘Add Page…’ dialog appears
28. Scroll down to the ‘My Template’ section
29. Click on the ‘Test Page Label’ template
30. Click on the ‘ADD PAGE’ button.
31. Verify that the custom template is successfully added to the Book.
32. Press ‘Win+E’ to open the File explorer window.
33. Click on the ‘Documents’.
34. Navigate to the folder “Bloom → English Books → My Template”.
35. Verify that the “My Template” html document is available.
36. Right click on the “My Template” html document.
37. Click on the ‘Edit with Notepad’.
38. Verify that the html file is opened in the notepad.
39. Press “Ctrl + F” and search for “Test Page Label” and hit “Enter”.
40. Verify that the “Test Page Label” is highlighted in the div tag.
41. Edit the label text as “Test Page Template”.
42. Press “Ctrl + S” to save the html file.
43. Close the notepad.
44. Open the ‘Bloom application’
45. Click on the ‘Add Page’ button on the ‘Pages’ pane
46. Verify that the ‘Add Page…’ dialog appears
47. Scroll down to the ‘My Template’ section
48. Verify that the ‘Test Page Label’ text is updated as ‘Test Page Template’
49. Click on the ‘Test Page Label’ template
50. Click on the ‘ADD PAGE’ button
51. Verify that the custom template is successfully added to the Book

**Cleanup steps**

1. Delete the Template Starter book.
2. Delete the Basic Book
2. Close the Bloom application.
