---
id: 117
title: "Custom Template Dark Background"
description: "(73) Custom template readme has dark background, making text illegible"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-08
last-modified: 2025-08-13
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Press Ctrl+E
2. Verify the File Explorer window opens.
3. Click Local Disk (C:\) from the left pane.
4. Verify Users folder appears on the right pane.
5. Double click on the Users folder.
6. Verify various User folder appear.
7. Double click on <UserName> folder.
8. Verify the <UserName> folder opens.
9. Double click on AppData folder.
10. Verify the AppData folder opens.
11. Double click on the Local folder.
12. Verify the Local folder opens.
13. Double click on the Bloom Version folder (eg., BloomBetaInternal)
14. Verify Bloom Version folder opens.
15. Double click on app-version number folder. (eg., app-6.2.3067)
16. Verify the app-version number folder opens.
17. Double click on localization folder.
18. Verify the localization folder opens.
19. Right click on README.md file.
20. Verify an option menu appears.
21. Click on the Copy option.
22. Click the Close button.
23. Verify the File Explorer window closes.
24. Launch Bloom application.
25. Click the 'Bloom Subscription Settings' button.
26. Verify the ‘Bloom Subscription’ tab opens.
27. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
28. Verify the Restart button appears.
29. Click the Restart button.
30. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the 'Other Collection' button from the Bloom toolbar.
2. Verify the 'Open/Create Collections' dialog opens.
3. Click the 'Create a New Collection' button.
4. Verify 'Create New Bloom Collection' dialog opens.
5. Type "english" in the search box.
6. Verify the English language bar appears under the search box.
7. Click the Tamil language bar.
8. Click the Next button.
9. Verify the 'Font and Script' dialog opens.
10. Click the Next button.
11. Verify the 'Given Language Location' dialog opens.
12. Click the Next button.
13. Enter "English books"  in the 'Collection Name' dialog box.
14. Click the Next button.
15. Verify 'Ready to Create New Collection' dialog opens.
16. Click the Finish button.
17. Verify the 'English books' is created in the Bloom Editor.
18. Click the Collections button.
19. Verify the Collections view opens.
20. Click the Template Starter book thumbnail under the Specialized Templates heading.
21. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
22. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
23. Click the Add Page button.
24. Verify Add Page dialog opens.
25. Click the Basic Text & Picture template under Basic Pages heading.
26. Click the Add Page button.
27. Verify the Basic Text & Picture page is added.
28. Click the Collections tab.
29. Verify 'My Template' book is added in the Collections view.
30. Click the triangle button near My Template book thumbnail.
31. Verify an option menu opens.
32. Click the 'Show in File Explorer' option.
33. Verify the book folder opens in File Explorer window. (eg., C:\Users\UserName\Documents\Bloom\XXXXX)
34. Double click on 'My Template' folder.
35. Press Ctrl+V to paste the README.md file.
36. Right click on README.md file.
37. Verify an option menu opens.
38. Click the Rename option.
39. Enter README-en.md in the edit box.
40. Press the Enter key.
41. Verify the file name is changed to README-en.md.
42. Right click on README-en.md file.
43. Verify an option menu opens.
44. Click the 'Open With..' option.
45. Verify Submenu opens.
46. Click the 'Notepad' option.
47. Verify the README-en.md file opens in the Notepad application.
48. Press Ctrl+A keys.
49. Verify all the texts are selected.
50. Press the Delete Key.
51. Verify all the texts are deleted.
52. Enter 'This is a custom template that I created for test purpose' in the Notepad.
53. Press Ctrl+S keys.
54. Click the Close button.
55. Verify the Notepad application closes.
56. Click on the Bloom icon from the Taskbar.
57. Verify the Bloom application opens.
58. Click the Close button.
59. Verify the Bloom application opens.
60. Double click on the Bloom icon from the Desktop.
61. Verify the Bloom application opens.
62. Verify the My Template book appears in the Collections view.
63. Click on My Template book thumbnail.
64. Verify an Readme file (eg., This is a custom template that I created for test purpose) appears on the lower right pane of the Bloom application.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete My Template book.
3. Close Bloom application.
