---
id: 119
title: "Thumbnail creation in add page dialog"
description: "(75) Check that some reasonable approximation of the new page is automatically created as a thumbnail in the add page dialog"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-08
last-modified: 2025-09-11
---

# Steps

Setup Steps: (In Windows 10 OS)

**Desktop**

1. Press Windows key (⊞) + E to open File Explorer.
2. Verify that the File Explorer window opens.
3. Click Local Disk (C:) in the left pane.
4. Verify that the Users folder appears in the list of folders in the right pane.
5. Double-click the Users folder.
6. Verify that various folders are displayed in the Users folder.
7. Double-click the UserName folder (e.g., Bharani).
8. Verify that the UserName folder opens.
9. Double-click the AppData folder.
10. Verify that the AppData folder opens.
11. Double-click the Local folder.
12. Verify that the Local folder opens.
13. Double-click the Bloom version folder (e.g., BloomBetaInternal).
14. Verify that the Bloom version folder opens.
15. Double-click the app-version folder (e.g., app-6.2.3098 — version may vary by machine).
16. Verify that the app-version folder opens.
17. Double-click the localization folder.
18. Verify that the localization folder opens.
19. Right-click the README.md file.
20. Verify that an options menu appears.
21. Click the Copy option.
22. Click the Close button from the Explorer Window.
23. Verify that the File Explorer window closes.

Bloom Application Setup Steps
24. Launch the Bloom application.
25. Click Settings from the standard toolbar at the top-right corner.
26. Verify that the Settings dialog box opens.
27. Click the Bloom Subscription tab in the Settings dialog box.
28. Verify that the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
29. Enter Test-727011-1339 in the Subscription Code field.
30. Verify that the Restart button appears.
31. Click the Restart button.
32. Verify that Bloom restarts successfully

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Other Collection button from the Standard toolbar.
2. Verify that the Open/Create Collections dialog opens.
3. Click the Create a New Collection button.
4. Verify that the Create New Bloom Collection dialog opens.
5. Type "english" in the search box under Search by name, code, or country.
6. Verify that the English language appears in the dropdown list.
7. Click the English language option.
8. Verify that English appears in the “Display language this way field”.
9. Click the Next button.
10. Verify that the page navigates to the Font and Script dialog.
11. Click the Next button.
12. Verify that the page navigates to the Given Language Location dialog.
13. Click the Next button.
14. Verify that the page navigates to the Collection Name dialog.
15. Type "English books" in the What would you like to call this collection? field.
16. Click the Next button.
17. Verify that the Ready to Create New Collection dialog opens.
18. Click the Finish button.
19. Verify that Bloom restarts and the new collection “ English books” appears on the left side of the Collections tab.
20. Click the Template Starter book under the Specialized Templates heading in Sources for New Books.
21. Verify that the preview appears in the right pane.
22. Verify that the MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears in the right pane.
23. Verify that the How to use the Template Starter help section appears in the right pane.
24. Click the MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
25. Verify that the page navigates to the Edit page.
26. Click the Add Page button.
27. Verify that the Add Page dialog opens.
28. Click the Basic Text & Picture template under the Basic Pages heading.
29. Verify that Page 1 is created.
30. Click the Collections tab.
31. Verify that the My Template book is added to the Collections view.
32. Right-Click the triangle icon next to the My Template book thumbnail.
33. Verify that an options menu opens with the following:

o    Rename Book

o    Duplicate Book

o    Show in Explorer

o    Delete Book

o    Make a Book Using This Source

o    More...
34. Click the Show in File Explorer option.
35. Verify that the File Explorer window for English books dialog  opens (e.g., C:\Users\UserName\Documents\Bloom\English books).
36. Double-click the My Template folder.
37. Press Ctrl + V to paste the README.md file (copied in Setup Step 21).
38. Verify that the README.md file appears in the My Template folder.
39. Right-click on the README file.
40. Verify the options menu opens.
41. Click the Rename option.
42. Enter README-en in the edit box and press Enter.
43. Verify that the file name changes to README-en.
44. Right-click the README-en file.
45. Choose Open With, then select Notepad from the list.
46. Verify that the file opens in Notepad for viewing or editing.
47. Press Ctrl + A to select all text.
48. Verify that all text is selected.
49. Press the Delete key.
50. Verify that all text is deleted and
51. Enter: “This is a custom template that I created for test purposes” in Notepad.
52. Press Ctrl + S to save the file.
53. Click the Close button.
54. Verify that Notepad closes..
55. Switch to  Bloom application
56. Click the Close button.
57. Verify that Bloom closes.
58. Double-click the Bloom icon on the Desktop.
59. Verify that Bloom opens.
60. Verify that the My Template book appears in the Collections view.
61. Click the My Template book thumbnail.
62. Verify that the text  “This is a custom template that I created for test purpose”appears at the bottom of the right pane.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete My Template book.
3. Close Bloom application.
