---
id: 120
title: "Different scenarios with Template Starter book"
description: "(76) Different scenarios with Template Starter book"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-08
last-modified: 2025-10-13
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download SVG files from the given link : https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/125Tzy7pZ6VxT2b1BirfhxBI0FbLhH3nQ (Needs Developer’s approval) into Downloads folder.
2. Launch Bloom application
3. Click the Settings button.
4. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
5. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
6. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
7. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
8. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
9. Click the Restart button.
10. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the ‘Template Starter’ book under Specialized Templates.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
4. Click the Add Page button.
5. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
6. Select the ‘Basic Text & Picture’ page.
7. Click the Add Page button.
8. Verify the page is added.
9. Delete ‘Basic Text & Picture’ label name which appears at the top left corner of the page.
10. Enter ‘Temp1’ as the label name.
11. Click the Add Page button.
12. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
13. Select the ‘Picture in Middle’ page.
14. Click the Add Page button.
15. Verify the page is added.
16. Delete ‘Picture in Middle’ label name which appears at the top left corner of the page.
17. Enter ‘Temp2’ as the label name.
18. Close Bloom app.
19. Restart Bloom.
20. Right click on the (Template Starter) book thumbnail.
21. Verify the Context menu opens.
22. Click Show in File Explorer option.
23. Verify the Book location opens. (C:\Users\username\Documents\Bloom\English Books)
24. Double click on the Book folder.
25. Verify the (My Template) book folder opens.
26. Double click on the 'template' folder.
27. Verify 'Temp1' png image appears.
28. Verify 'Temp2' png image appears.
29. Paste (from Downloads folder)  the 2 SVG files (svg1, svg2) into this (template) folder.
30. Rename SVG 1 file into 'Temp1'.
31. Rename SVG 2 file into 'Temp2'.
32. Delete Temp1.png image.
33. Delete Temp2.png image.
34. Close the folder.
35. Create a Basic book under Templates.
36. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
37. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
38. Click the Add Page button.
39. Verify Add Page dialog opens.
40. Verify the thumbnails for the custom templates are changed under My Templates heading.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Template Starter book.
3. Delete the SVG files.
4. Delete the Basic book.
5. Close Bloom application.
