---
id: 121
title: "Add Additional Copyrights/license"
description: "(78,79,80) Add Additional Copyrights/license"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-08
last-modified: 2025-09-11
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click 'The Moon and the Cap' Shell book under Shell Books.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
5. Click the Credits Page.
6. Verify the Credits page opens.
7. Verify this page shows the copyright of the book is already preserved and appeared on the page.
8. Click the 'Needs Copyright' option.
9. Verify the Copyright and License dialog opens.
10. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
11. Click the OK button.
12. Verify the newly added Copyright Information appeared above the Original Copyright information.
13. Click the Collection tab.
14. Verify the Collection view opens.
15. Click a Basic book.
16. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
17. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
18. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
19. Enter 'The Golden Touch' in the Front Cover title box.
20. Click the Credits Page thumbnail.
21. Verify the Credits page opens.
22. Click the 'Needs Copyright' button.
23. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
24. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
25. Click the OK button.
26. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
27. Click the Add page button.
28. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
29. Select 'Basic Text & Picture' template.
30. Click the Add page button.
31. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
32. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
33. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
34. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
35. Press the Enter key.
36. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
37. Click any of the Car images.
38. Click the OK button.
39. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
40. Click the Publish tab.
41. Click the Web button.
42. Verify 'Publish to Web' view opens.
43. Click all the three checkboxes under 'Agreements' topic.
44. Verify 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button gets enabled.
45. Click 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
46. Verify a 'Sign in / Sign up' dialog opens.
47. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
48. Verify 'Sign in with email' dialog opens.
49. Type a valid email (eg., shawn@eth.net) in the Email text box.
50. Click the Next button.
51. Type a valid password (eg., B123456@u) in the Password text box.
52. Click the 'SIGN IN' button.
53. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' green button appears under Upload heading in Publish to Web view.
54. Click the 'UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button.
55. Verify Upload Progress message appears on the screen.
56. Wait for a few minutes.
57. Verify 'VIEW DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY' green button appears under 'Your Book on Bloomlibrary.org' heading.
58. Click the 'VIEW ON BLOOMLIBRARY' button.
59. Verify the book opens in your bloomlibrary account. (eg., it opens in the bloomlibrary.org/my-books link)
60. Verify 'This book has recently arrived in the Bloom Library..' green box message appears.
61. Click the Close button of Bloom.
62. Verify the Bloom application closes.
63. Click the book in the bloomlibrary. (eg., https://dev.bloomlibrary.org/my-books/book/FqjMBUK1OJ)
64. Click the 'Translate into your language! - Download into the 'Bloom Editor' button.
65. Verify Here it comes dialog appears.
66. Verify Downloading book dialog appears.
67. Click the OK button in the Download complete dialog.
68. Click the OK button in the Here it comes! dialog.
69. Click the 'Translate into your language! - Download into the 'Bloom Editor' button.
70. Verify Here it comes dialog appears.
71. Verify Downloading book dialog appears.
72. Click the OK button in the Download complete dialog.
73. Verify the Book opens in the Bloom application.
74. Click the MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
75. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
76. Click the Credits Page thumbnail.
77. Verify the Credits page appears on the edit window.
78. Verify the original copyright information appears on the page.
79. Verify there is a 'Need Copyright' button of this new derivative.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete The Moon and the Cap book.
3. Close Bloom application.
