---
id: 122
title: "Quiz answers do not expand to cover multiple lines"
description: "(82) Quiz answers do not expand to cover multiple lines"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-08
last-modified: 2025-10-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Type 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription Code text box.
6. Click the Restart button.
7. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic Book under Templates.
2. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button.
3. Verify it opens in the edit mode.
4. Click the Title page thumbnail.
5. Verify the Title page appears.
6. Click on the title box.
7. Enter the paragraph "There once was a boy who grew bored while watching over the village sheep. He wanted to make things more exciting. So, he yelled out that he saw a wolf chasing the sheep. All the villagers came running to drive the wolf away. However, they saw no wolf. The boy was amused, but the villagers were not. They told him not to do it again. Shortly after, he repeated this antic. The villagers came running again, only to find that he was lying. Later that day, the boy really sees a wolf sneaking amongst the flock. He jumped up and called out for help. But no one came this time because they thought he was still joking around. At sunset, the villagers looked for the boy. He had not returned with their sheep. They found him crying. He told them that there really was a wolf, and the entire flock was gone. An old man came to comfort him and told him that nobody would believe a liar even when they are being honest."
8. Press the Enter key.
9. Enter the paragraph "There once was a boy who grew bored while watching over the village sheep. He wanted to make things more exciting. So, he yelled out that he saw a wolf chasing the sheep. All the villagers came running to drive the wolf away. However, they saw no wolf. The boy was amused, but the villagers were not. They told him not to do it again. Shortly after, he repeated this antic. The villagers came running again, only to find that he was lying. Later that day, the boy really sees a wolf sneaking amongst the flock. He jumped up and called out for help. But no one came this time because they thought he was still joking around. At sunset, the villagers looked for the boy. He had not returned with their sheep. They found him crying. He told them that there really was a wolf, and the entire flock was gone. An old man came to comfort him and told him that nobody would believe a liar even when they are being honest."
10. Verify a red line indicating overflow on the page.
11. Click the Credits Page (or some other page).
12. Verify the overflow icon appears on the Title page thumbnail.
13. Click on the empty text box. (eg., Acknowledgement for this version..text box)on the Credits page.
14. Enter the paragraph 'There once was a boy who grew bored while watching over the village sheep. He wanted to make things more exciting. So, he yelled out that he saw a wolf chasing the sheep. All the villagers came running to drive the wolf away. However, they saw no wolf. The boy was amused, but the villagers were not. They told him not to do it again. Shortly after, he repeated this antic. The villagers came running again, only to find that he was lying. Later that day, the boy really sees a wolf sneaking amongst the flock. He jumped up and called out for help. But no one came this time because they thought he was still joking around. At sunset, the villagers looked for the boy. He had not returned with their sheep. They found him crying. He told them that there really was a wolf, and the entire flock was gone. An old man came to comfort him and told him that nobody would believe a liar even when they are being honest.'
15. Press the Enter key.
16. Enter the paragraph'There once was a boy who grew bored while watching over the village sheep. He wanted to make things more exciting. So, he yelled out that he saw a wolf chasing the sheep. All the villagers came running to drive the wolf away. However, they saw no wolf. The boy was amused, but the villagers were not. They told him not to do it again. Shortly after, he repeated this antic. The villagers came running again, only to find that he was lying. Later that day, the boy really sees a wolf sneaking amongst the flock. He jumped up and called out for help. But no one came this time because they thought he was still joking around. At sunset, the villagers looked for the boy. He had not returned with their sheep. They found him crying. He told them that there really was a wolf, and the entire flock was gone. An old man came to comfort him and told him that nobody would believe a liar even when they are being honest.'
17. Verify a red line indicating overflow on the page.
18. Click Front Cover Page (or some other page).
19. Verify the overflow icon appears on the Credits page thumbnail.
20. Click the Add Page button.
21. Verify the Add page dialog opens.
22. Click the 'Comprehension Quiz' template under Games Pages heading.
23. Verify the 'Comprehension Quiz' page template is added.
24. Enter 'WOULD YOU LIKE THEM IN A HOUSE? WOULD YOU LIKE THEN WITH A MOUSE? WOULD YOU EAT THEM IN A BOX? WOULD YOU EAT THEM WITH A FOR?' in the Comprehension question text box.
25. Verify the text box is automatically expanded and no redline box appears
26. Enter 'I DO NOT LIKE THEM IN A HOUSE. I DO NOT LIKE THEM WITH A MOUSE.' in the answer text box (1).
27. Verify the text box is automatically expanded and no redline box appears.
28. Enter 'I DO NOT LIKE THEM IN A HOUSE. I DO NOT LIKE THEM WITH A MOUSE.' in the answer text box (2).
29. Verify the text box is automatically expanded and no redline box appears.
30. Enter 'I DO NOT LIKE THEM IN A HOUSE. I DO NOT LIKE THEM WITH A MOUSE.' in the answer text box (3).
31. Verify the text box is automatically expanded and no redline box appears.
32. Enter 'I DO NOT LIKE THEM IN A HOUSE. I DO NOT LIKE THEM WITH A MOUSE.' in the answer text box (4).
33. Verify the text box is automatically expanded and no redline box appears.
34. Enter 'I DO NOT LIKE THEM IN A HOUSE. I DO NOT LIKE THEM WITH A MOUSE.' in the answer text box (5).
35. Verify the text box is automatically expanded and no redline box appears.
36. Enter 'I DO NOT LIKE THEM IN A HOUSE. I DO NOT LIKE THEM WITH A MOUSE.' in the answer text box (6).
37. Verify the text box is automatically expanded and no redline box appears.
38. Click the 'A5 Portrait' list box.
39. Verify the list box opens.
40. Select 'A6 Portrait' layout option.
41. Verify the page is changed to A6 Portrait layout option.
42. Verify only 4 checkboxes appear on the page.
43. Verify that there is no redline.
44. Click the 'Credits Page' thumbnail. (or any other pages)
45. Verify that there is no Overflow icon appearing on the Quiz page thumbnail.
46. Click the Quiz page (ie., Page 1) thumbnail.
47. Click the 'A6 Portrait' list box.
48. Verify the list box opens.
49. Select 'Quarter Letter Portrait' layout option.
50. Verify the page is changed to A6 Portrait layout option.
51. Verify only 4 checkboxes appear on the page.
52. Verify that there is no redline.
53. Click the 'Credits Page' thumbnail. (or any other pages)
54. Verify that there is no Overflow icon appearing on the Quiz page thumbnail.
55. Click the Quiz page (ie., Page 1) thumbnail.
56. Click the 'Quarter Letter Portrait' list box.
57. Verify the list box opens.
58. Select 'Quarter Letter Landscape' layout option.
59. Verify the page is changed to Landscape orientation.
60. Verify only 4 checkboxes appear on the page.
61. Verify that there is no redline.
62. Click the 'Credits Page' thumbnail. (or any other pages)
63. Verify that there is no Overflow icon appearing on the Quiz page thumbnail.
64. Verify that there is an Overflow icon appearing on the Credits page.
65. Click the Quiz page (ie., Page 1) thumbnail.
66. Click the 'Quarter Letter Portrait' list box.
67. Verify the list box opens.
68. Select 'Quarter Letter Landscape' layout option.
69. Verify the page is changed to Landscape orientation.
70. Verify only 4 checkboxes appear on the page.
71. Verify that there is no redline.
72. Click the 'Credits Page' thumbnail.
73. Verify that there is a readline appearing on the Credits page.
74. Click the Quiz page (ie., Page 1) thumbnail.
75. Verify that there is an Overflow icon appearing on the Credits page.
76. Verify that there is no Overflow icon appearing on the Quiz page thumbnail.
77. Click the 'Quarter Letter Portrait' list box.
78. Verify the list box opens.
79. Select '13cm Square' layout option.
80. Verify the page is changed to Square page layout.
81. Verify only 5 checkboxes appear on the page.
82. Verify that there is no redline.
83. Verify that there is an Overflow icon appearing on the Credits page.
84. Click the 'Credits Page' thumbnail.
85. Verify that there is no Overflow icon appearing on the Quiz page thumbnail.
86. Click the Quiz page (ie., Page 1) thumbnail.
87. Click the '13cm Square' list box.
88. Verify the list box opens.
89. Select '6"x9" Portrait' layout option.
90. Verify the page is changed to Portrait Orientation..
91. Verify only 6 checkboxes appear correctly on the page.
92. Verify that there is no redline.
93. Click the 'Credits Page' thumbnail. (or any other pages)
94. Verify that there is no Overflow icon appearing on the Quiz page thumbnail.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Basic Book.
3. Close Bloom application.
