---
id: 123
title: "Thumbnails refresh"
description: "(83) Thumbnails get messed up changing LEGAL size Legal size will not work by design. Others are checked in this test case."
issues: []
created: 2024-11-08
last-modified: 2025-09-11
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the Book opens on the Edit view.
5. Click the ‘Add Page’ button.
6. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
7. Select ‘Just a Picture’ template.
8. Click the Add Page button.
9. Verify the Just a Picture page is added.
10. Verify the page appears in the Portrait mode.
11. Click the Page layout (A5 Portrait) dropdown list.
12. Verify the drop down list box opens.
13. Select A4 Landscape option.
14. Verify the page orientation is changed to Landscape mode.
15. Verify the Page thumbnail is changed to Landscape mode.
16. Click the Page Layout dropdown list.
17. Verify the drop down list box opens.
18. Select ‘Device 16x9 Portrait’ option.
19. Verify the Page orientation is changed to portrait mode.
20. Verify the Page thumbnail is changed to portrait mode.
21. Click the Collections tab.
22. Verify the Book Collections view appears.
23. Click 'The Moon and the Cap' book.
24. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
25. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
26. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
27. Click the Credits Page.
28. Verify the Credits page opens.
29. Verify this page shows the copyright of the book is already preserved and appeared on the page.
30. Click the 'Needs Copyright' option.
31. Verify the Copyright and License dialog opens.
32. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
33. Click the OK button.
34. Verify the newly added Copyright Information appeared above the Original Copyright information.
35. Click the Add page button.
36. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
37. Select 'Basic Text & Picture' template.
38. Click the Add page button.
39. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
40. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
41. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
42. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
43. Press the Enter key.
44. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
45. Click any of the Car images.
46. Click the OK button.
47. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
48. Click the Page Layout (A5 Portrait) dropdown list.
49. Verify the page layout list box opens.
50. Select 'Legal Landscape' layout.
51. Verify the page orientation changes to Legal Landscape orientation.
52. Verify the page thumbnail should change to Landscape orientation.
53. Click the Collections tab.
54. Click on the Book thumbnail under Book collections.
55. Verify a triangle button which appears at the bottom right corner of the book thumbnail.
56. Click the triangle button.
57. Verify a popup menu appears.
58. Click the More button.
59. Verify a submenu opens.
60. Click the 'Update Book' option.
61. Verify a Working progress bar flashes on the screen.
62. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
63. Verify the Page thumbnail should be changed to Landscape orientation.
64. Click the Close button of the Bloom window.
65. Verify the Bloom Closes.
66. Launch Bloom application.
67. Verify Bloom get restarted.
68. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
69. Verify the book opens in edit mode.
70. Verify the Page thumbnail should be changed to Landscape orientation.
71. Click the Page Layout dropdown list.
72. Verify the page layout list box opens.
73. Select 'A4 Landscape' layout.
74. Verify the page orientation changes to A4 Landscape orientation.
75. Verify the page thumbnail should change to Landscape orientation.
76. Click the Collections tab.
77. Click on the Book thumbnail under Book collections.
78. Verify a triangle button which appears at the bottom right corner of the book thumbnail.
79. Click the triangle button.
80. Verify a popup menu appears.
81. Click the More button.
82. Verify a submenu opens.
83. Click the 'Update Book' option.
84. Verify a Working progress bar flashes on the screen.
85. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
86. Verify the Page thumbnail should be changed to Landscape orientation.
87. Click the Close button of the Bloom window.
88. Verify the Bloom Closes.
89. Launch Bloom application.
90. Verify Bloom get restarted.
91. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
92. Verify the book opens in edit mode.
93. Verify the Page thumbnail should be changed to Landscape orientation.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Moon and the Cap book.
3. Close Bloom application.
