---
id: 124
title: "L3-only text box"
description: "(85) L3-only text box not working"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-08
last-modified: 2025-09-11
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the 'Change' link button under Local Language.
5. Verify the Choose Language dialog opens.
6. Enter 'Tamil' in the Search box.
7. Verify  Tamil language bar appears.
8. Click the Tamil language bar.
9. Verify 'Tamil' Script box appears.
10. Click the Tamil script box.
11. Click the OK button.
12. Verify தமிழ் (ta) appears under the Local Language heading.
13. Verify English (en) language already appears under the National language.
14. Click the 'Change' link button under Local Language.
15. Verify the Choose Language dialog opens.
16. Enter 'hindi' in the Search box.
17. Verify  Hindi language bar appears.
18. Click the Hindi language bar.
19. Verify 'Devanagari(Nagari)' Script box appears.
20. Click the Devanagari(Nagari) script box.
21. Click the OK button.
22. Verify मानक हिन्दी (hi) appears under the Local Language heading.
23. Click the Restart button.
24. Verify Bloom get restarted.
25. Click the Settings button.
26. Verify தமிழ் (ta) appears under (L1)  Local Language heading.
27. Verify English (en) language already appears under the (L2) National language.
28. Verify मानक हिन्दी (hi) appears under the (L3) Local Language heading.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Paste ‘மரியாதை ராமன்’  in the Front Cover  (Tamil) title box.
6. Enter 'The Golden Touch' in the Front Cover (English) title box.
7. Click the Credits Page thumbnail.
8. Verify the Credits page opens.
9. Click the 'Needs Copyright' button.
10. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
11. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
12. Click the OK button.
13. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
14. Click the Add page button.
15. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
16. Select 'Just Text' template.
17. Click the Add page button.
18. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
19. Click on the Language Selector (One Language) dropdown button.
20. Verify the language list opens.
21. Select ‘English’ language.
22. Verify the English language text pane is added on the page.
23. Click on the Language Selector dropdown button.
24. Verify the language list opens.
25. Select ‘Hindi’ language.
26. Verify the Hindi language text pane is added on the page.
27. Hover the mouse over the text page.
28. Verify 3 language text boxes appear on the page.
29. Click on the last (Hindi) text box on the page.
30. Verify हिन्दी (Hindi) label name appears at the bottom right corner of the text box.
31. Turn on the ‘Change Layout’ button.
32. Verify the text page is changed to Edit mode.
33. Click the gear icon of the ‘Text Box’ label.
34. Verify Text Box Properties dialog opens.
35. Select the third radio button of Collection Language 3 option.
36. Click outside of the dialog box.
37. Verify the dialog box closes.
38. Turn off the ‘Change Layout’ button.
39. Verify only the ‘Hindi’ text box appears on the text page.
40. Turn on the ‘Change Layout’ button.
41. Verify the text page is changed to Edit mode.
42. Click the gear icon of the ‘Text Box’ label.
43. Verify Text Box Properties dialog opens.
44. Select the second  radio button of Collection Language 2 option.
45. Click outside of the dialog box.
46. Verify the dialog box closes.
47. Turn off the ‘Change Layout’ button.
48. Verify only the ‘English’ text box appears on the text page.
49. Turn on the ‘Change Layout’ button.
50. Verify the text page is changed to Edit mode.
51. Click the gear icon of the ‘Text Box’ label.
52. Verify Text Box Properties dialog opens.
53. Select the first  radio button of Collection Language 1 option.
54. Click outside of the dialog box.
55. Verify the dialog box closes.
56. Turn off the ‘Change Layout’ button.
57. Verify only the ‘Tamil’ text box appears on the text page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic book.
2. Close Bloom application.
