---
id: 126
title: "Pasting text from Notepad should retain paragraph breaks in Bloom"
description: "(87) Pasting text from Notepad should retain paragraph breaks in Bloom Type some text in Notepad with paragraph breaks. Copy and paste this into Bloom. Paragraph breaks should be retained. Do this for Word as well."
issues: []
created: 2024-11-08
last-modified: 2025-09-11
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Open Notepad application.
2. Enter  'This is the first sentence'
3. Press the Enter Key.
4. Press the Enter key. (to create a page break)
5. Enter 'This is the second sentence'
6. Press the Enter Key.
7. Press the Enter key.(to create a page break)
8. Enter 'This is the third sentence'
9. Press the Enter Key.
10. Press the Enter key.(to create a page break)
11. Copy all the Sentences with paragraph breaks from Notepad.
12. Launch Bloom application.
13. Click a Basic Book.
14. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button available on the right pane.
15. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
16. Verify the Edit view opens.
17. Click the Add page button.
18. Verify the Add page dialog opens.
19. Select 'Just a text' template.
20. Click the Add page button.
21. Verify Just a text page is added.
22. Paste the Sentence on the text page.
23. Click the Credit Page thumbnail.
24. Verify the Credits page opens.
25. Switch back to Page 1 thumbnail.
26. Verify the paragraph breaks should be retained. (ie., it should appear like in the Notepad)
27. Open Word application.
28. Enter  'This is the first sentence'
29. Press the Enter Key.
30. Press the Enter key. (to create a page break)
31. Enter 'This is the second sentence'
32. Press the Enter Key.
33. Press the Enter key.(to create a page break)
34. Enter 'This is the third sentence'
35. Press the Enter Key.
36. Press the Enter key.(to create a page break)
37. Copy all the Sentences with paragraph breaks from Word.
38. Open Bloom application.
39. Click the Basic Book.
40. Verify EDIT THIS BOOK button available on the right pane.
41. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
42. Verify the edit view opens.
43. Click the Add page button.
44. Verify the Add page dialog opens.
45. Select 'Just a text' template.
46. Click the Add page button.
47. Verify Just a text page is added.
48. Paste the Sentence on the text page.
49. Click the Credit Page thumbnail.
50. Verify the Credits page opens.
51. Switch back to Page 1 thumbnail.
52. Verify the paragraph breaks should be retained. (ie., it should appear like in the Word application)

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Close Notepad application.
2. Close Word application.
3. Delete the Basic book.
4. Close Bloom application.
