---
id: 127
title: "All boxes in a group should have the same style"
description: "(88) All boxes in a group should have the same style"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-08
last-modified: 2025-08-08
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Click the Settings button from Bloom Editor.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Verify the Languages tab is enabled by default.
5. Click the Change link button under the Local Languages field.
6. Verify Choose Language dialog opens.
7. Enter 'Hindi' in the Search bar.
8. Verify Hindi language bar appears under the Search bar.
9. Click the 'Hindi' language bar.
10. Verify the Hindi script boxes appear under the language bar.
11. Click the 'Devanagari' Script box.
12. Verify the OK button is enabled.
13. Click the OK button.
14. Verify the Local language is changed to 'मानक हिन्दी (hi) ' .
15. Click the "Change" link button under "Language 2" field.
16. Verify Choose Language dialog opens.
17. Enter 'English' in the Search bar.
18. Verify the English language bar appear under the Search bar.
19. Click the 'English' language bar.
20. Click the OK button.
21. Verify the Language 2 (eg., National Language) is changed to “English (en)”
22. Click the "Set" link button under "Language 3" field.
23. Verify Choose Language dialog opens.
24. Enter 'Tamil' in the Search bar.
25. Verify Tamil language bar appear under the Search bar.
26. Click the 'Tamil' language bar.
27. Verify the Tamil script boxes appear under the language bar.
28. Click 'Tamil' Script box.
29. Verify the OK button is enabled.
30. Click the OK button.
31. Verify the Language 3 (eg., Regional Language) is changed to தமிழ் (ta) ' .
32. Click the Restart button.
33. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click Basic Book.
2. Verify 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button is available in the right pane.
3. Click 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button
4. Verify the Book opens in the Edit view.
5. Click the Language selector from the Bloom toolbar.
6. Verify "Hindi"(L1), "English(L2)" and "Tamil(L3)" languages appear in the pull down menu.
7. Click the Add Page button.
8. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
9. Click 'Just Text' template from Basic Pages heading.
10. Click the Add Page button.
11. Verify the page is added in the Edit view.
12. Click the Language Selector from the Bloom toolbar.
13. Verify the Language Selector opens.
14. Click 'English' language.
15. Hover the mouse over the page.
16. Verify the Hindi text pane appears on the page.
17. Verify the English text pane appears under the Hindi text pane.
18. Click the Language Selector from the Bloom toolbar.
19. Verify the Language Selector opens.
20. Click 'Tamil' language.
21. Hover the mouse over the page.
22. Verify the Tamil text pane appears under the English text pane.
23. Enter "गरमा गरम समोसे की खुशबू आते ही समझ" in the Hindi text pane.
24. Enter 'He jumped as high as possible to reach the grapes.' in the English text pane.
25. Enter 'நீங்க ரெண்டு பேரும் அந்த பாலத்தை உங்க ஊருக்கு சொந்தம் கொண்டாடுறீங்க' in the Tamil text pane.
26. Click the Tamil (L3)language text box.
27. Click the gear icon at the bottom left corner of the text box.
28. Verify the Format dialog opens.
29. Verify Normal Style appear in the Style Name tab.
30. Click the dropdown list box in Style Name tab.
31. Verify the list box opens.
32. Click 'Big Words' style.
33. Verify the Tamil text pane changes to Big words style.
34. Verify the English text pane changes to Big words style.
35. Verify the Hindi text pane changes to Big words style.
36. Click 'Normal' style.
37. Verify the Tamil text pane changes to Normal style.
38. Verify the English text pane changes to Normal style.
39. Verify the Hindi text pane changes to Normal style.
40. Click 'Heading 1' style.
41. Verify the Tamil text pane changes to Heading 1 style.
42. Verify the English text pane changes to Heading 1 style.
43. Verify the Hindi text pane changes to Heading 1 style.
44. Click the English (L2)language text box.
45. Click the gear icon at the bottom left corner of the text box.
46. Verify the Format dialog opens.
47. Click 'Create a new style' link button.
48. Verify New style text box appears.
49. Enter 'Special'in the text box.
50. Click 'Create' button.
51. Verify the 'Special' style appears in the Style drop down list box.
52. Click outside of the Format dialog box.
53. Verify the Format dialog closes.
54. Click the Hindi (L1)language text box.
55. Click the gear icon at the bottom left corner of the text box.
56. Verify the Format dialog opens.
57. Verify the 'Special' style appears in the Style drop down list box.
58. Click outside of the Format dialog box.
59. Verify the Format dialog closes.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete Subscription code.
2. Delete the Basic book.
3. Close Bloom application.
