---
id: 128
title: "Page data wiped out after multiple zooms"
description: "(89) The contents of the Credits page should not get wipe out"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-08
last-modified: 2025-09-23
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Download the book “Hannah and Asher go to the bookstore” from the given link: https://bloomlibrary.org/book/1ayWSnUb1v
2. Verify the book opens in the Bloom application.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
5. Click Page 1 thumbnail.
6. Click on the Speech bubble that starts with  'Here children..'.
7. Verify the option box appears on the Speech bubble.
8. Click the Duplicate button from the option box.
9. Verify a duplicate speech bubble appears.
10. Click on the other Speech bubble that starts with 'Thank you..'.
11. Verify the option box appears on the Speech bubble.
12. Click the Duplicate button from the option box.
13. Verify a duplicate speech bubble appears.
14. Zoom in and Zoom out a bunch of times.
15. Turn on the Change Layout slider (toggle switch).
16. Hover the mouse over the page.
17. Click the + button.
18. Verify the 'Picture,Video, Text or HTML Widget' link appears.
19. Click the Picture link. (or any of the links).
20. Verify the Image box is added.
21. Turn off the Change Layout slider. (toggle switch).
22. Verify the contents of the page should not be erased.
23. Turn on the Change Layout slider (toggle switch).
24. Click the Close button of the Image box.
25. Verify the Image box is removed from the edit page.
26. Turn off the Change Layout slider. (toggle switch).
27. Verify the contents of the page should not be erased.
28. Click the language dropdown list.
29. Verify the list box opens.
30. Select French language. (or any other language)
31. De-select English language.
32. Verify the page should not be removed from the Edit page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete “Hannah and Asher go to the bookstore” book.
3. Close Bloom application.
