---
id: 129
title: "Branding Books"
description: "(122 to 130) Test case for Branding Books"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-08
last-modified: 2025-10-13
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Connect the Android Mobile through USB Cable to the computer.
2. Type 'https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9mtzsjs9jsvw?hl=en-US&gl=US' in a browser search bar.
3. Verify eKitabu e-reader page opens.
4. Click the Download button.
5. Verify eKitabu Installer file is downloaded in the system.
6. Double click on the 'eKitabu e-reader Installer' file.
7. Verify 'eKitabu e-reader..The latest version is installed' dialog box appears.
8. Launch Bloom application
9. Click the Settings button.
10. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
11. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
12. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
13. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
14. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
15. Click the Restart button.
16. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click 'The Moon and the Cap' book under Templates.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book is in the edit mode.
4. Click the Publish tab.
5. Click the BoomPUB button.
6. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
7. Click the 'Make All BloomPUBs from Collection' link button.
8. Verify Make All BloomPUBs from Collection dialog opens.
9. Verify there is no scrollbar appearing on this dialog.
10. Click the Cancel button.
11. Click the Collections tab.
12. Verify Collections view opens.
13. Click the Settings button.
14. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
15. Click the 'Bloom Subscription' tab.
16. Enter 'Little-Zebra-006112-4801' in the Subscription code box.
17. Click the 'Restart' button.
18. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
19. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
20. Verify the books are in the edit mode.
21. Click on the Front Cover page.
22. Verify that there is a Little Zebra Books logo on the bottom of the front cover page.
23. Click the Publish tab.
24. Click the PDF & Print button.
25. Click the Simple Booklet Mode.
26. Verify a Progress bar appears on the screen.
27. Verify the PDF file is successfully created.
28. Verify the 'Little Zebra logo' branding Text and images appears on the Front Cover page.
29. Click the Outside Back Cover page thumbnail.
30. Verify the Little Zebra branding appears.
31. Click the Publish tab.
32. Click the PDF & Print button.
33. Click the Simple Booklet Mode.
34. Verify a Progress bar appears on the screen.
35. Verify the PDF file is successfully created.
36. Verify the 'Little Zebra logo' branding Text and images appears on the Front Cover page.
37. Click the Collections tab.
38. Verify the Collections view appears.
39. Click the Settings button.
40. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
41. Click the 'Bloom Subscription' tab.
42. Enter WorldVision(International)-006053-3468 in the Subscription code box.
43. Click the 'Restart' button.
44. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
45. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
46. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
47. Click the Outside Back Cover thumbnail.
48. Verify the 'World Vision' brand appears on the page.
49. Click the Publish button.
50. Click the PDF&Print button.
51. Verify Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
52. Click the Simple mode button under Booklet Mode.
53. Verify the PDF book opens.
54. Navigate to the last page.
55. Verify the 'World Vision' brand appears on the page.
56. Click the EPUB button.
57. Verify Publish as ePUB view opens.
58. Click the Preview button.
59. Verify the preview shows the Sample branding in the Outside Backcover page.
60. Click the SAVE button.
61. Verify Save As dialog opens.
62. Click the Save button.
63. Verify the book saved (as .epub) in the default (documents) folder.
64. Open the .epub file in eKitabu Reader. (or any epub Reader)
65. Navigate to the last page.
66. Verify the 'World Vision' brand appears on the page.
67. Click the BloomPUB button.
68. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
69. Click the Preview button.
70. Verify the preview appears in the preview pane.
71. Verify 'Send over USB Cable' radio button appears.
72. Click the CONNECT WITH USB CABLE button.
73. Verify Publishing dialog opens.
74. Click the Close button.
75. Open the BloomReader in the Android mobile.
76. Verify the book thumbnail appears on the home page.
77. Click the book thumbnail.
78. Verify the book opens in the Bloom Reader.
79. Verify the 'World Vision' brand appears on the page.
80. Click the Collections tab.
81. Verify the Collections view opens.
82. Click the Basic book.
83. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
84. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
85. Click the Change Image button on the Front cover page.
86. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
87. Click the File button.
88. Verify Choose Picture File dialog opens.
89. Select a picture from the Picture folder. (Or any other location)
90. Click the Open button.
91. Verify the picture appears on the Preview pane.
92. Click the OK button.
93. Verify the picture appears on the Front cover page.
94. Click the Copyright symbol which appears at the top left corner of the page.
95. Verify Copyright and License dialog appears.
96. Enter 'Tester' in the Illustrator name.
97. Enter 'Tester1' in the Copyright holder name.
98. Click the OK button.
99. Verify 'Picture Intellectual Property Information' dialog opens.
100. Click the Yes button.
101. Click the Add Page button.
102. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
103. Click the Just Picture template.
104. Click the Add Page button.
105. Verify the picture page is added.
106. Click the Change Image button on the Front cover page.
107. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
108. Click the File button.
109. Verify Choose Picture File dialog opens.
110. Select a picture from the Picture folder.
111. Click the Open button.
112. Verify the picture appears on the Preview pane.
113. Click the OK button.
114. Verify the picture appears on the page.
115. Click the Copyright symbol which appears at the top left corner of the page.
116. Verify Copyright and License dialog appears.
117. Enter 'Tester' in the Illustrator name.
118. Enter 'Tester1' in the Copyright holder name.
119. Click the OK button.
120. Verify 'Picture Intellectual Property Information' dialog opens.
121. Click the Yes button.
122. Click the Change Image button on the Front cover page.
123. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
124. Click the File button.
125. Verify Choose Picture File dialog opens.
126. Select a picture from the Picture folder.
127. Click the Open button.
128. Verify the picture appears on the Preview pane.
129. Click the OK button.
130. Verify the picture appears on the Front cover page.
131. Click the Copyright symbol which appears at the top left corner of the page.
132. Verify Copyright and License dialog appears.
133. Enter 'User' in the Illustrator name.
134. Enter 'User1' in the Copyright holder name.
135. Click the OK button.
136. Verify 'Picture Intellectual Property Information' dialog opens.
137. Click the Yes button.
138. Verifying changing information for all images should not remove the information of branding images.
139. Click the Collections tab.
140. Verify the Collections view opens.
141. Click the Settings button.
142. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
143. Click the 'Bloom Subscription' tab.
144. Enter Juarez-Guatemala-003686-8686 in the Subscription code box.
145. Click the 'Restart' button.
146. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
147. Verify "Your  Juarez-Guatemala-003686-8686 expired on x/x/xxxx" Please email xxxx@xxx to renew the message that appears at the top left pane of the Collections view.
148. Click the Settings button.
149. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
150. Click the 'Bloom Subscription' tab.
151. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
152. Click the Copy button.
153. Verify the Bloom does not crash.
154. Type 'Test-727011-1339" code in a Notepad application.
155. Copy the code.
156. Open Bloom Subscription tab.
157. Click the Paste button.
158. Verify 'Test-727011-1339' appears in the subscription code.
159. Click the Restart button.
160. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
161. Click the Collections tab.
162. Verify the Collections view opens.
163. Click the Settings button.
164. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
165. Click the 'Bloom Subscription' tab.
166. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
167. Enter 'Chetana-Trust-006203-6076'in the Subscription.
168. Click the Restart button.
169. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
170. Click the Collections tab.
171. Verify the Collections view opens.
172. Click the Leveled Reader book under specialized Templates.
173. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
174. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
175. Verify the Level Letters 'Level x of x' appears under the Leveled Reader Tool menu.
176. Click the Collections tab.
177. Verify the Collections view opens.
178. Click the Settings button.
179. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
180. Click the 'Bloom Subscription' tab.
181. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
182. Enter 'A-Happy-Group-of-Devs-LC-005941-9332'in the Subscription.
183. Click the Restart button.
184. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
185. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
186. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
187. Click the Outside Back Cover thumbnail.
188. Verify A5 Portrait layout appears correctly.
189. Select 'A6 Portrait or Landscape' in the layout pull down menu.
190. Click the Outside Back Cover page thumbnail.
191. Verify the outside back cover shows the branding correctly on the page.
192. Select 'B5 Portrait' in the layout pull down menu.
193. Click the Outside Back Cover page.
194. Verify the outside back cover shows the branding correctly on the page.
195. Select 'Half Letter Portrait' in the layout pull down menu.
196. Click the Outside Back Cover page.
197. Verify the outside back cover shows the branding correctly on the page.
198. Select 'Quarter Letter Portrait or Landscape' in the layout pull down menu.
199. Click the Outside Back Cover page.
200. Verify the outside back cover shows the branding correctly on the page.
201. Select '13cm Square' in the layout pull down menu.
202. Click the Outside Back Cover page.
203. Verify the outside back cover shows the branding correctly on the page.
204. Select 'US Comic Portrait' in the layout pull down menu.
205. Click the Outside Back Cover page.
206. Verify the outside back cover shows the branding correctly on the page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Disconnect the Android mobile from the computer.
2. Delete the eKitabu Reader.
3. Delete the Subscription code.
4. Delete the Basic book.
5. Delete ‘The Moon and the Cap’ book.
6. Close Bloom application.
