---
id: 13
title: "Environment variables in  a clean machine"
description: "Test case for setting environment variables in a clean machine"
issues: []
created: 2024-08-28
last-modified: 2025-10-15
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Windows Search Bar located at the bottom-left corner of the Windows desktop
2. Enter 'Environment' in the Search bar
3. Press the Enter key.
4. Verify that the 'System Properties' dialog opens
5. Click the 'Environment Variables' button in the 'System Properties' dialog
6. Verify that the 'Environment Variables' dialog box opens.
7. Click the 'New...' button under the 'System Variables' section
8. Verify that 'New System Variable' dialog opens.
9. Enter 'FEEDBACK' in the Variable name field
10. Enter 'FALSE' in the Variable value field
11. Click the OK button.
12. Verify that the 'New System variable' dialog closes.
13. Verify that the newly entered Variable and Value are updated under the System Variables section
14. Click the 'OK' button in the 'Environment Variables' dialog
15. Verify that the 'Environment Variables' dialog closes
16. Click the 'OK' button in the 'System Properties' dialog
17. Verify that the 'System Properties' dialog closes
18. Switch back to the Bloom application
19. Click the Close button in the Bloom application.
20. Verify that the Bloom application closes
21. Double-click the Bloom icon on the Desktop
22. Verify Bloom application starts
23. Verify that the caption 'Feedback Disabled' appears in the About box while the Bloom application is opening

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Close Bloom application.
