---
id: 130
title: "Copy a translation bubble"
description: "(142) Copy a translation bubble"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-08
last-modified: 2025-08-08
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Click the Settings button from Bloom Editor.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Verify the Languages tab is enabled by default.
5. Click the Change link button under Local Languages field.
6. Verify Choose Language dialog opens.
7. Enter 'Hindi' in the Search bar.
8. Verify Hindi language bar appear under the Search bar.
9. Click the 'Hindi' language bar.
10. Verify the Hindi script boxes appear under the language bar.
11. Click 'Devanagari' Script box.
12. Verify the OK button is enabled.
13. Click the OK button.
14. Verify the Local language is changed to 'मानक हिन्दी (hi) ' .
15. Click the "Change" link button under "Language 2" field.
16. Verify Choose Language dialog opens.
17. Enter 'English' in the Search bar.
18. Verify English language bar appear under the Search bar.
19. Click the 'English' language bar.
20. Click the OK button.
21. Verify the Language 2 (eg., National Language) is changed to “English (en)”
22. Click the "Set" link button under "Language 3" field.
23. Verify Choose Language dialog opens.
24. Enter 'Tamil' in the Search bar.
25. Verify Tamil language bar appear under the Search bar.
26. Click the 'Tamil' language bar.
27. Verify the Tamil script boxes appear under the language bar.
28. Click 'Tamil' Script box.
29. Verify the OK button is enabled.
30. Click the OK button.
31. Verify the Language 3 (eg., Regional Language) is changed to தமிழ் (ta) ' .
32. Click the Restart button.
33. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Actions Steps**

1. Click the Collections tab.
2. Click 'The Moon and the Cap' shell book under Sample Shells heading which appears in the lower left pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCED button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
5. Click Page 1.
6. Verify the translation bubble appears on the text pane.
7. Click the "Copy' button from the translation bubble.
8. Verify 'Copied' message flashes in the translation bubble.
9. Click on the Hindi text pane.
10. Verify the I beam (or cursor) appear on the text pane.
11. Click the Paste button from the Bloom tool bar.
12. Verify the copied text (eg., All of us went to the fun fair.) appear in the text pane.
13. Click the Language Selector from the Bloom tool bar.
14. Verify the Language list opens.
15. Click 'English' language.
16. Hover the mouse over the text pane.
17. Verify English text pane appears under Hindi text pane.
18. Click the Language Selector from the Bloom tool bar.
19. Verify the Language list opens.
20. Click 'Tamil' language.
21. Hover the mouse over the text pane.
22. Verify Tamil text pane appears under English text pane.
23. Click on the Hindi text pane.
24. Verify the translation bubble appears (with Tibetan language) on the text pane.
25. Click the "Copy' button from the translation bubble.
26. Verify 'Copied' message flashes in the translation bubble.
27. Click on the Tamil text pane.
28. Verify the I beam (or cursor) appear on the text pane.
29. Click the Paste button from the Bloom tool bar.
30. Verify the copied text (eg., Aujourd’hui, toute la famille est allée à la fête foraine.) appear in the text pane.
31. Press Ctrl+A on the Tamil text pane.
32. Press the Delete key.
33. Verify empty text pane appears.
34. Enter 'தன்னை எதிர்க்க யாராலும் முடியாது' in the Tamil text pane.
35. Verify the Tamil Sentence appears in the Tamil text pane.
36. Click the Language Selector from the Bloom toolbar.
37. Deselect Tamil Language.
38. Verify the Tamil Sentence appear in the translation bubble.
39. Click the "Copy" button from the translation bubble.
40. Verify 'Copied' message flashes in the translation bubble.
41. Click on the English text pane.
42. Verify the I beam (or cursor) appear on the English text pane.
43. Click the Paste button from the Bloom tool bar.
44. Verify the Tamil Sentence appear in the English text pane.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete ‘The Moon and the Cap’ book.
2. Close Bloom application.
