---
id: 131
title: "Page Thumbnail scroll back"
description: "(143) Page Thumbnail list sometimes scrolls backup"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-08
last-modified: 2025-09-23
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Download the book "Push, Push, Quick, Quick" from the given link: https://bloomlibrary.org/book/V4PYDKjJnW
2. Verify the book opens in the Bloom application.
3. Right click on the Bloom toolbar.
4. Verify a popup menu appears.
5. Click the 'Start Measuring Performance' option.
6. Verify 'Bloom Performance Measurement' page opens.
7. Minimize the web page.
8. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
9. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
10. Click the Front Cover.
11. Verify the Front cover page opens.
12. Click the Collections tab.
13. Verify the Collections view appears.
14. Click the Edit tab.
15. Verify the Edit view appears.
16. Scroll down toward the end of the book.
17. Click Page 14 thumbnail(or any other page thumbnail)
18. Verify the Page 14 opens in the Edit view.
19. Verify the UI should not scroll back to the top of the page thumbnails. (eg., Front Cover page should not be selected)
20. Click the Collection tab.
21. Verify the Collections view appears.
22. Click the Edit tab.
23. Verify the Edit view appears.
24. Scroll down toward the end of the book.
25. Click the Outside BackCover thumbnail.
26. Verify Outside Back Cover page opens.
27. Verify the UI should not scroll back to the top of the page thumbnails. (eg., Front Cover page should not be selected)
28. Maximize the ‘Bloom Performance’ web page.
29. Verify that there are any significant changes in memory performance in the web page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the  "Push, Push, Quick, Quick" book.
2. Close ‘Bloom Performance Measurement’ page.
3. Close Bloom application.
