---
id: 132
title: "Custom Book appear on the bloomlibrary after the harvesting is done"
description: "(146,147,148) Custom Book appear on the bloomlibrary after the harvesting is done"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-08
last-modified: 2025-10-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download a sample picture ‘pngimg.com - square_PNG96’  (or a picture with png extension and its dimensions should be exactly 256x256 pixels) from the given link : https://pngimg.com/image/88184 into the downloads folder.
2. Rename the .png picture file to ‘custom-thumbnail-256.png’ in the downloads folder.
3. Launch Bloom application.
4. Click the Settings button.
5. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
6. Click the Book Making tab.
7. Click 'Default Font for xxxxxxx..' dropdown list box (eg., first 'local language' box)
8. Verify the list box opens.
9. Select 'Arial' Font.
10. Verify a warning icon appears near the Font name.
11. Click the Restart button.
12. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic Book under Templates.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
4. Enter 'Font Test' in the Front cover title box.
5. Click the Credits Page.
6. Click the 'Needs Copyright' button.
7. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
8. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright holder name.
9. Click the OK button.
10. Click the Publish tab.
11. Click the Web button.
12. Check all the three checkboxes under Agreements.
13. Click 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
14. Verify it opens the Sign In / Sign Up dialog.
15. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
16. Enter the registered email (with bloom) in the Email text box. (eg., shawn@eth.net)
17. Click the Next button.
18. Enter valid password in the password text box.
19. Click the Sign In button.
20. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button appears on the Publish to Web view.
21. Click 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button
22. Wait for a few seconds.
23. Click VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button.
24. Verify the book opens in the blorg. (ie., dev.bloomlibrary.org).
25. Wait for a few seconds.
26. Press F5 to refresh the page.
27. Verify an error message appears "We cannot fully present this book because it uses one or more fonts that are not known to be free and open licensed. Therefore.." appears on the page.
28. Close the browser window.
29. Click the Edit tab. (in bloom editor)
30. Click the Front Cover page thumbnail.
31. Click the picture pane.
32. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
33. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
34. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
35. Press the Enter key.
36. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
37. Click any of the Car images.
38. Click the OK button.
39. Verify the Car image appears on the Front cover page.
40. Click the Publish tab.
41. Click the Web button.
42. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button appears on the Publish to Web view.
43. Click 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button
44. Verify 'Is this an update of your existing book?' Collision ID dialog box appears.
45. Click the 'Yes, I want to update this book' radio button.
46. Click the UPLOAD button.
47. Wait for a few seconds.
48. Click VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button.
49. Verify the book opens in the blorg. (ie., dev.bloomlibrary.org).
50. Verify the book front cover image (eg., car) appears as the book thumbnail on the blorg page.
51. Close the browser window.
52. Click the Collections tab.
53. Verify the Collections view appears.
54. Right click on the 'Font Test' book thumbnail under Book Collections.
55. Verify a context menu appears.
56. Click 'Show in File Explorer' option.
57. Verify the File explorer window opens.
58. Double click on the 'Font Test' book folder.
59. Verify the book folder opens.
60. Paste the 'custom-thumbnail-256.png' file into the folder.
61. Close the File explorer window.
62. Click EDIT THIS BOOK button (in bloom)
63. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
64. Click the Publish tab.
65. Click the Web button.
66. Verify Publish to Web view opens.
67. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button appears on the Publish to Web view.
68. Click 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button
69. Verify 'Is this an update of your existing book?' Collision ID dialog box appears.
70. Click the 'Yes, I want to update this book' radio button.
71. Click the UPLOAD button.
72. Wait for a few seconds.
73. Click VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button.
74. Verify the book opens in the blorg. (ie., dev.bloomlibrary.org).
75. Wait for a few seconds.
76. Press the F5 key.
77. Verify the Custom thumbnail is displayed as the book thumbnail on the blorg.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the custom-thumbnail-256.png file.
2. Delete the Basic book.
3. Close Bloom application.
