---
id: 133
title: "All the modes of PDF"
description: "(151) All the modes of PDF"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-08
last-modified: 2025-08-27
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click 'The Moon and the Cap' shell book under Sample Shell books heading.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears on the right pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book is changed to edit view.
5. Verify the book is A5 Portrait layout.
6. Click the Credits Page thumbnail.
7. Verify the Credits Page view opens.
8. Click the 'Needs Copyright' button on the page.
9. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
10. Enter 'Tester One' in the Copyright Holder text box.
11. Click the OK button.
12. Click the Publish tab.
13. Click the PDF & Print button.
14. Verify the Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
15. Verify the ‘Booklet Mode’ appears with various buttons.
16. Click the 'Simple' mode button.
17. Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.
18. Verify a PDF file is created and appear on the view.
19. Click the scroll bar downwards to page 2.
20. Verify Page 2 appears in the portrait mode.
21. Click the ‘Booklet Cover’ mode button.
22. Verify the Booklet cover is created and appeared on the view.
23. Verify the booklet cover appears on two pages.
24. Click the ‘Booklet Insides’ mode button.
25. Verify that the inside pages are re-arranged so that when folded, we get a booklet ready to staple.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the subscription code.
2. Delete the Moon and the Cap book.
3. Close Bloom application.
