---
id: 134
title: "Page layout PDF generation"
description: "(152) Check correct PDF generation for each page layout"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-08
last-modified: 2025-10-27
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Type 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription Code text box.
6. Click the Restart button.
7. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click The Moon and the Cap Shell book Under Sample Shells.
2. Click the ‘MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE’ button.
3. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
4. Verify the book is in A5 Portrait layout.
5. Verify the page thumbnails appear in the Portrait orientation.
6. Click Page 12.
7. Verify the“Check Your Understanding" page appears on the right pane.
8. Click the Publish tab.
9. Click the PDF & Print button.
10. Verify the Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
11. Click the 'Simple' Booklet mode button.
12. Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.
13. Verify a PDF file is created and appear in the Portrait view.
14. Navigate to all pages.
15. Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.
16. Navigate to Page 12.
17. Verify the“Check Your Understanding" page appears correctly.
18. Click the 'Edit' button.
19. Verify the book appears in the edit mode.
20. Click 'A5 Portrait' page layout selector.
21. Verify the drop down list opens.
22. Click the A5 Landscape option.
23. Verify the book is changed to A5 landscape view.
24. Verify the page thumbnail is changed to landscape view.
25. Click the Publish tab.
26. Click the PDF & Print button.
27. Verify the Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
28. Click the 'Simple' Booklet mode button.
29. Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.
30. Verify a PDF file is created and appear in the Landscape view.
31. Navigate to all pages.
32. Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.
33. Navigate to Page 12.
34. Verify the“Check Your Understanding" page appears correctly.
35. Click the 'Edit' button.
36. Verify the book appears in the edit mode.
37. Click 'A5 Landscape' page layout selector.
38. Verify the drop down list opens.
39. Click the A6 Portrait option.
40. Verify the book is changed to A6 Portrait view.
41. Verify the page thumbnail is changed to Portrait view.
42. Click the Publish tab.
43. Click the PDF & Print button.
44. Verify the Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
45. Click the 'Simple' Booklet mode button.
46. Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.
47. Verify a PDF file is created and appear in Portrait view.
48. Navigate to all pages.
49. Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.
50. Navigate to Page 12.
51. Verify the“Check Your Understanding" page appears correctly.
52. Click the 'Edit' button.
53. Verify the book appears in the edit mode.
54. Click 'A6 Portrait' page layout selector.
55. Verify the drop down list opens.
56. Click the A6 Landscape option.
57. Verify the book is changed to A6 Landscape view.
58. Verify the page thumbnail is changed to Landscape view.
59. Click the Publish tab.
60. Click the PDF & Print button.
61. Verify the Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
62. Click the 'Simple' Booklet mode button.
63. Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.
64. Verify a PDF file is created and appear in Landscape view.
65. Navigate to all pages.
66. Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.
67. Navigate to Page 12.
68. Verify the“Check Your Understanding" page appears correctly.
69. Click the 'Edit' button.
70. Verify the book appears in the edit mode.
71. Click 'A6 Landscape' page layout selector.
72. Verify the drop down list opens.
73. Click the A4 Portrait option.
74. Verify the book is changed to A4 Portrait view.
75. Verify the page thumbnail is changed to Portrait view.
76. Click the Publish tab.
77. Click the PDF & Print button.
78. Verify the Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
79. Click the 'Simple' Booklet mode button.
80. Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.
81. Verify a PDF file is created and appear in Portrait view.
82. Navigate to all pages.
83. Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.
84. Navigate to Page 12.
85. Verify the “Check Your Understanding" page appears correctly.
86. Click the 'Edit' button.
87. Verify the book appears in the edit mode.
88. Click 'A4 Portrait' page layout selector.
89. Verify the drop down list opens.
90. Click the A4 Landscape option.
91. Verify the book is changed to A4 Landscape view.
92. Verify the page thumbnail is changed to Landscape view.
93. Click the Publish tab.
94. Click the PDF & Print button.
95. Verify the Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
96. Click the 'Simple' Booklet mode button.
97. Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.
98. Verify a PDF file is created and appear in Landscape view.
99. Navigate to all pages.
100. Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.
101. Navigate to Page 12.
102. Verify the “Check Your Understanding" page appears correctly.
103. Click the 'Edit' button.
104. Verify the book appears in the edit mode.
105. Click 'A4 Landscape' page layout selector.
106. Verify the drop down list opens.
107. Click the A3 Portrait option.
108. Verify the book is changed to A3 Portrait view.
109. Verify the page thumbnail is changed to Portrait view.
110. Click the Publish tab.
111. Click the PDF & Print button.
112. Verify the Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
113. Click the 'Simple' Booklet mode button.
114. Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.
115. Verify a PDF file is created and appear in Portrait view.
116. Navigate to all pages.
117. Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.
118. Navigate to Page 12.
119. Verify the “Check Your Understanding" page appears correctly.
120. Click the 'Edit' button.
121. Verify the book appears in the edit mode.
122. Click the 'A3 Portrait' page layout selector.
123. Verify the drop down list opens.
124. Click the A3 Landscape option.
125. Verify the book is changed to A3 Landscape view.
126. Verify the page thumbnail is changed to Landscape view.
127. Click the Publish tab.
128. Click the PDF & Print button.
129. Verify the Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
130. Click the 'Simple' Booklet mode button.
131. Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.
132. Verify a PDF file is created and appear in Landscape view.
133. Navigate to all pages.
134. Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.
135. Navigate to Page 12.
136. Verify the “Check Your Understanding" page appears correctly.
137. Click the 'Edit' button.
138. Verify the book appears in the edit mode.
139. Click the 'A3 Landscape' page layout selector.
140. Verify the drop down list opens.
141. Click the B5 Portrait option.
142. Verify the book is changed to B5 Portrait view.
143. Verify the page thumbnail is changed to Portrait view.
144. Click the Publish tab.
145. Click the PDF & Print button.
146. Verify the Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
147. Click the 'Simple' Booklet mode button.
148. Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.
149. Verify a PDF file is created and appear in Portrait view.
150. Navigate to all pages.
151. Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.
152. Navigate to Page 12.
153. Verify the “Check Your Understanding" page appears correctly.
154. Click the 'Edit' button.
155. Verify the book appears in the edit mode.
156. Click 'B5 Portrait' page layout selector.
157. Verify the drop down list opens.
158. Click the 'Letter Portrait' option.
159. Verify the book is changed to Letter Portrait view.
160. Verify the page thumbnail is changed to Portrait view.
161. Click the Publish tab.
162. Click the PDF & Print button.
163. Verify the Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
164. Click the 'Simple' Booklet mode button.
165. Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.
166. Verify a PDF file is created and appear in Portrait view.
167. Navigate to all pages.
168. Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.
169. Navigate to Page 12.
170. Verify the “Check Your Understanding" page appears correctly.
171. Click the 'Edit' button.
172. Verify the book appears in the edit mode.
173. Click the 'Letter Portrait' page layout selector.
174. Verify the drop down list opens.
175. Click the 'Letter Landscape' option.
176. Verify the book is changed to Letter Landscape view.
177. Verify the page thumbnail is changed to Landscape view.
178. Click the Publish tab.
179. Click the PDF & Print button.
180. Verify the Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
181. Verify the Booklet Mode appears with various buttons.
182. Click the 'Simple' mode button.
183. Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.
184. Verify a PDF file is created and appear in Landscape view.
185. Navigate to all pages.
186. Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.
187. Navigate to Page 12.
188. Verify the “Check Your Understanding" page appears correctly.
189. Click the 'Edit' button.
190. Verify the book appears in the edit mode.
191. Click the 'Letter Landscape' page layout selector.
192. Verify the drop down list opens.
193. Click the 'Legal Portrait' option.
194. Verify the book is changed to Legal Portrait view.
195. Verify the page thumbnail is changed to Portrait view.
196. Click the Publish tab.
197. Click the PDF & Print button.
198. Verify the Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
199. Verify the Booklet Mode appears with various buttons.
200. Click the 'Simple' Booklet mode button.
201. Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.
202. Verify a PDF file is created and appear in Portrait view.
203. Navigate to all pages.
204. Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.
205. Navigate to Page 12.
206. Verify the “Check Your Understanding" page appears correctly.
207. Click the 'Edit' button.
208. Verify the book appears in the edit mode.
209. Click the 'Legal Portrait' page layout selector.
210. Verify the drop down list opens.
211. Click the 'Legal Landscape' option.
212. Verify the book is changed to Legal Landscape view.
213. Verify the page thumbnail is changed to Landscape view.
214. Click the Publish tab.
215. Click the PDF & Print button.
216. Verify the Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
217. Verify the Booklet Mode appears with various buttons.
218. Click the 'Simple' mode button.
219. Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.
220. Verify a PDF file is created and appear in Landscape view.
221. Navigate to all pages.
222. Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.
223. Navigate to Page 12.
224. Verify the “Check Your Understanding" page appears correctly.
225. Click the 'Edit' button.
226. Verify the book appears in the edit mode.
227. Click the 'Legal Landscape' page layout selector.
228. Verify the drop down list opens.
229. Click the 'Half Letter Portrait' option.
230. Verify the book is changed to Portrait view.
231. Verify the page thumbnail is changed to Portrait view.
232. Click the Publish tab.
233. Click the PDF & Print button.
234. Click the 'Simple'Booklet mode button.
235. Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.
236. Verify a PDF file is created and appear in Portrait view.
237. Navigate to all pages.
238. Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.
239. Navigate to Page 12.
240. Verify the “Check Your Understanding" page appears correctly.
241. Click the 'Edit' button.
242. Verify the book appears in the edit mode.
243. Click the 'Half Letter Portrait' page layout selector.
244. Verify the drop down list opens.
245. Click the 'Half Letter Landscape' option.
246. Verify the book is changed to Landscape view.
247. Verify the page thumbnail is changed to Landscape view.
248. Click the Publish tab.
249. Click the PDF & Print button.
250. Verify the Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
251. Click the 'Simple' Booklet mode button.
252. Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.
253. Verify a PDF file is created and appear in Landscape view.
254. Navigate to all pages.
255. Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.
256. Navigate to Page 12.
257. Verify the “Check Your Understanding" page appears correctly.
258. Click the 'Edit' button.
259. Verify the book appears in the edit mode.
260. Click the 'Half Letter Landscape' page layout selector.
261. Verify the drop down list opens.
262. Click the 'Half Folio Portrait' option.
263. Verify the book is changed to Portrait view.
264. Verify the page thumbnail is changed to Portrait view.
265. Click the Publish tab.
266. Click the PDF & Print button.
267. Verify the Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
268. Click the 'Simple' Booklet mode button.
269. Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.
270. Verify a PDF file is created and appear in Portrait view.
271. Navigate to all pages.
272. Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.
273. Navigate to Page 12.
274. Verify the “Check Your Understanding" page appears correctly.
275. Click the 'Edit' button.
276. Verify the book appears in the edit mode.
277. Click the 'Half Folio Portrait' page layout selector.
278. Verify the drop down list opens.
279. Click the 'Quarter Letter Portrait' option.
280. Verify the book is changed to Portrait view.
281. Verify the page thumbnail is changed to Portrait view.
282. Click the Publish tab.
283. Click the PDF & Print button.
284. Verify the Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
285. Click the 'Simple' Booklet mode button.
286. Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.
287. Verify a PDF file is created and appear in Portrait view.
288. Navigate to all pages.
289. Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.
290. Navigate to Page 12.
291. Verify the “Check Your Understanding" page appears correctly.
292. Click the 'Edit' button.
293. Verify the book appears in the edit mode.
294. Click the 'Quarter Letter Portrait' page layout selector.
295. Verify the drop down list opens.
296. Click the 'Quarter Letter Landscape' option.
297. Verify the book is changed to Landscape view.
298. Verify the page thumbnail is changed to Landscape view.
299. Click the Publish tab.
300. Click the PDF & Print button.
301. Verify the Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
302. Click the 'Simple' Booklet mode button.
303. Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.
304. Verify a PDF file is created and appear in Landscape view.
305. Navigate to all pages.
306. Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.
307. Navigate to Page 12.
308. Verify the “Check Your Understanding" page appears correctly.
309. Click the 'Edit' button.
310. Verify the book appears in the edit mode.
311. Click the 'Quarter Letter Landscape' page layout selector.
312. Verify the drop down list opens.
313. Click the 'Device 16x9 Portrait' option.
314. Verify the book is changed to Portrait view.
315. Verify the page thumbnail is changed to Portrait view.
316. Click the Publish tab.
317. Click the PDF & Print button.
318. Verify the Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
319. Click the 'Simple' Booklet mode button.
320. Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.
321. Verify a PDF file is created and appear in Portrait view.
322. Navigate to all pages.
323. Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.
324. Navigate to Page 12.
325. Verify the “Check Your Understanding" page appears correctly.
326. Click the 'Edit' button.
327. Verify the book appears in the edit mode.
328. Click the 'Device 16x9 Portrait' page layout selector.
329. Verify the drop down list opens.
330. Click the 'Device 16x9 Landscape' option.
331. Verify the book is changed to Landscape view.
332. Verify the page thumbnail is changed to Landscape view.
333. Click the Publish tab.
334. Click the PDF & Print button.
335. Verify the Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
336. Click the 'Simple' Booklet mode button.
337. Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.
338. Verify a PDF file is created and appear in Landscape view.
339. Navigate to all pages.
340. Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.
341. Navigate to Page 12.
342. Verify the “Check Your Understanding" page appears correctly.
343. Click the 'Edit' button.
344. Verify the book appears in the edit mode.
345. Click the 'Device 16x9 Landscape' page layout selector.
346. Verify the drop down list opens.
347. Click the '13cm Square' option.
348. Verify the book is changed to Square view.
349. Verify the page thumbnail is changed to Square view.
350. Click the Publish tab.
351. Click the PDF & Print button.
352. Verify the Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
353. Click the 'Simple' Booklet mode button.
354. Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.
355. Verify a PDF file is created and appear in Square view.
356. Navigate to all pages.
357. Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.
358. Navigate to Page 12.
359. Verify the “Check Your Understanding" page appears correctly.
360. Click the 'Edit' button.
361. Verify the book appears in the edit mode.
362. Click the '13cm Square' page layout selector.
363. Verify the drop down list opens.
364. Click the 'US Comic Portrait' option.
365. Verify the book is changed to Portrait view.
366. Verify the page thumbnail is changed to Portrait view.
367. Click the Publish tab.
368. Click the PDF & Print button.
369. Verify the Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
370. Click the 'Simple' Booklet mode button.
371. Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.
372. Verify a PDF file is created and appear in Portrait view.
373. Navigate to all pages.
374. Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.
375. Navigate to Page 12.
376. Verify the “Check Your Understanding" page appears correctly.
377. Click the 'Edit' button.
378. Verify the book appears in the edit mode.
379. Click the 'US Comic Portrait' page layout selector.
380. Verify the drop down list opens.
381. Click the '6"x9" Portrait' option.
382. Verify the book is changed to Portrait view.
383. Verify the page thumbnail is changed to Portrait view.
384. Click the Publish tab.
385. Click the PDF & Print button.
386. Verify the Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
387. Click the 'Simple' Booklet mode button.
388. Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.
389. Verify a PDF file is created and appear in Portrait view.
390. Navigate to all pages.
391. Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.
392. Navigate to Page 12.
393. Verify the “Check Your Understanding" page appears correctly.
394. Click the 'Edit' button.
395. Verify the book appears in the edit mode.
396. Click the '6"x9" Portrait' page layout selector.
397. Verify the drop down list opens.
398. Click the '6"x9" Landscape' option.
399. Verify the book is changed to Landscape view.
400. Verify the page thumbnail is changed to Landscape view.
401. Click the Publish tab.
402. Click the PDF & Print button.
403. Verify the Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
404. Click the 'Simple' Booklet mode button.
405. Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.
406. Verify a PDF file is created and appear in Landscape view.
407. Navigate to all pages.
408. Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.
409. Navigate to Page 12.
410. Verify the “Check Your Understanding" page appears correctly.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete ‘The Moon and the Cap’ book.
3. Close Bloom application.
