---
id: 137
title: "Publish tab printing"
description: "(155) Print a book using Publish tab"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-08
last-modified: 2025-08-08
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Type 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription Code text box.
6. Click the Restart button.
7. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click "The Moon and the Cap" shell book under Sample Shells.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
4. Click 'A5 Portrait' page layout selector.
5. Verify the Page layout list opens.
6. Click the 'Half Letter Portrait' option.
7. Verify the page layout is changed to Half Letter Portrait view.
8. Click the Publish tab.
9. Click the PDF & Print button.
10. Verify the Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
11. Verify the Booklet Mode appears with various buttons.
12. Click the 'Booklet Insides' mode button.
13. Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.
14. Verify a PDF file is created and appear on the view.
15. Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.
16. Verify it folds properly and makes a book.
17. Click the Edit button.
18. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
19. Click the 'Half Letter Portrait' page layout selector.
20. Verify the Page layout list opens.
21. Click the 'Half Letter Landscape' option.
22. Verify the page layout is changed to Half Letter Landscape view.
23. Click the Publish tab.
24. Click the PDF & Print button.
25. Verify the Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
26. Verify the Booklet Mode appears with various buttons.
27. Click the 'Booklet Insides' mode button.
28. Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.
29. Verify a PDF file is created and appear in the Landscape view.
30. Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.
31. Verify it folds properly and makes a book.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete ‘The Moon and the Cap’ book.
3. Close Bloom application.
