---
id: 139
title: "PDF generation for Legal Landscape"
description: "(157) PDF generation for Legal Landscape works in Bloom Editor Ensure Booklet PDF generation for Legal Landscape works. (Decided to live with this.)"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-08
last-modified: 2025-09-09
---

# Steps

**Setups Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click "The Moon and the Cap" book from the Sample Shells under Sources For New Books.
2. Verify the "The Moon and the Cap" book preview displays.
3. Verify the MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears.
4. Click on the MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
5. Verify the "The Moon and the Cap" book appears in the Edit Mode.
6. Verify the "Choose a page size and orientation" dropdown displays "A5 Portrait" by default.
7. Click the "Choose a page size and orientation" dropdown.
8. Verify that "Legal Landscape" is listed as an option.
9. Click the “Legal Landscape” Option.
10. Verify the page size and orientation turns from "A5 Portrait" to “Legal Landscape”.
11. Click on the Publish tab.
12. Verify the PDF & Print button appears.
13. Click the PDF & Print button.
14. Verify the Publish to PDF & Print page appears.
15. Verify the Booklet Mode displays the following buttons : Simple, Booklet Cover, Booklet Insides.
16. Click the "Simple" button.
17. Verify the Progress dialog appears.
18. Verify the Creating PDF.. message displays in the Progress dialog.
19. Verify the Progress dialog closes.
20. Verify that the PDF file is generated and displayed.
21. Verify that the PDF file displayed as Legal Landscape orientation.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete ‘The Moon and the Cap’ book.
2. Close Bloom application.
