---
id: 14
title: "Registration info in a fresh machine"
description: "Test case to ensure the registration info has been saved in a fresh machine"
issues: []
created: 2024-08-28
last-modified: 2025-07-29
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Uninstall all versions of Bloom.
2. Clear out Bloom folders in C:\Users\USER\AppData\Local
3. Delete Bloom folders in C:\Users\USER\AppData\Local\SIL
4. Install Older version of Bloom application.
5. Click a Basic book.
6. Right click on the Standard toolbar.
7. Verify a popup menu opens.
8. Click on the “Meddle with New Files” option.
9. Verify a command prompt appears with a message “Ready to Meddle. Press Enter to Stop”.
10. Press the Enter key.
11. Verify the Command prompt window closes.
12. Right click on the Standard toolbar.
13. Verify a popup menu opens.
14. Verify “Stop Meddle with New Files” option appears on the menu list.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the 'Get Help' link button which appears at the top right corner of the Bloom application.
2. Click the 'Registration' option.
3. Verify the Registration dialog opens.
4. Type 'Tester' in the 'First Name text box.
5. Type 'Name' in the Surname text box.
6. Type a valid email id (eg., shawn@eth.net) in the Email Address textbox.
7. Type 'SIL' in the Organization text box.
8. Type 'Testing' in the text box under 'How are you using BloomBetaInternal?' label name.
9. Click the Register button.
10. Click the Close button.
11. Verify the Bloom application closes.
12. Double click on the Bloom icon from the Desktop.
13. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
14. Click the 'Get Help' link button which appears at the top right corner of the Bloom application.
15. Click the 'Check for New Version' option.
16. Verify the 'A new version of Bloom is available' toast appears at the bottom of the window.
17. Click the 'Update Now' link button.
18. Verify the progress message appears.
19. Verify a toast message appears 'Update for <Newer version> is ready' with 'Restart...' link button.
20. Click the 'Restart Bloom to Update' link button.
21. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
22. Click the 'Get Help' link button which appears at the top right corner of the Bloom application.
23. Click the 'Registration' option.
24. Verify the Registration dialog opens.
25. Verify the registration details still appear on the registration dialog.
26. Install an old version of Bloom.
27. Click the 'Settings' button.
28. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
29. Click the 'Advanced Program Settings' tab.
30. Click the 'Automatically Update Bloom' check box to get enabled.
31. Click the OK button.
32. Click the Close button in the Bloom application window.
33. Verify the Bloom closes.
34. Double Click on the on the Bloom icon on the Desktop.
35. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
36. Wait for a few minutes.
37. Verify a toast message appears 'Update for <Newer version> is ready' with 'Restart...' link button.
38. Click the 'Restart Bloom to Update' link button.
39. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
40. Click the 'Get Help' link button which appears at the top right corner of the Bloom application.
41. Click the 'Registration' option.
42. Verify the Registration dialog opens.
43. Verify the registration details still appear on the registration dialog.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic book.
2. Close Bloom application.
