---
id: 140
title: "Full Bleed on A5 Landscape"
description: "(158,159)Support Full Bleed on A5 Landscape"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-08
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
10. Download the Kyrgyz branding book from the given link: https://bloomlibrary.org/language:ky/book/tWWjbIqjJ0?lang=ky to the downloads folder.
11. Verify it opens in the Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
2. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
3. Click on the A5 Portrait layout dropdown list box.
4. Verify the list box opens.
5. Select  A5 Landscape layout option.
6. Verify the book appears in A5 Landscape view.
7. Click the Book Settings button.
8. Verify the Book Settings dialog opens.
9. Select the Check box under 'Fill the front cover with a single image' option.
10. Click the OK button.
11. Verify the picture fills up the Front cover page.
12. Click the Publish tab.
13. Click the PDF & Print button.
14. Select 'Full Bleed' checkbox under 'Prepare for Printshop'
15. Click the 'Simple' mode under Booklet Mode.
16. Verify the PDF file is generated.
17. Click the Save PDF button.
18. Verify Save As dialog opens.
19. Click the Save button.
20. Verify the book saved in document folder.
21. Right click on the saved .pdf file.
22. Verify a popup menu appears.
23. Click the 'Open with..' option.
24. Verify a submenu appears.
25. Click the 'Adobe Acrobat' option.
26. Verify the pdf book opens in the Acrobat Reader.
27. Verify the paper size should be 6mm larger than A5 in both directions (154x216) (eg., from File / Properties)
28. Open the Menu.
29. Click the Preferences option.
30. Verify the Preferences dialog opens.
31. Select Page Display.
32. Select 'Show art,tri, & bleed boxes' check box.
33. Click the OK button.
34. Verify the lines are 3mm inside the page.
35. Verify there are no extra pages on the pdf.
36. Verify there are no missing pages.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription Code.
2. Delete the Kyrgyz branding book.
3. Close Bloom application.
