---
id: 141
title: "PDF booklet with full bleed on and off"
description: "(160) Make PDF booklet with full bleed on and off"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-08
last-modified: 2025-10-22
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application

**Action Steps**

1. Click 'The Moon and the Cap' Shell book under Sample Shells.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
4. Verify the page appears in ‘A5 Portrait’ layout by default.
5. Click the Book Settings button.
6. Verify the Book Settings dialog opens.
7. Click the Cover tab.
8. Verify the 'Fill the front cover with a single image' option is disabled.
9. Click the OK button.
10. Click the Publish tab.
11. Click the PDF & Print button.
12. Verify Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
13. Verify 'Full Bleed' option is disabled under 'Prepare for Printshop'
14. Click the 'Simple' Booklet Mode option.
15. Verify a simple PDF file has appeared.
16. Click the 'Booklet Cover' Mode option.
17. Verify the Booklet cover has appeared.
18. Click 'Booklet Insides' Mode option.
19. Verify the Booklet Inside pages appeared.
20. Click the Collections tab.
21. Verify the Collections view appears.
22. Click the Settings button.
23. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
24. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
25. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
26. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
27. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
28. Click the Restart button.
29. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
30. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
31. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
32. Click the Book Settings button.
33. Verify the Book Settings dialog opens.
34. Click the Cover tab.
35. Verify the 'Fill the front cover with a single image' option is enabled.
36. Select the 'Print Bleed' Checkbox.
37. Click the OK button.
38. Click the Publish tab.
39. Click the PDF & Print button.
40. Verify Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
41. Verify 'Full Bleed' option is enabled under 'Prepare for Printshop'
42. Select 'Full Bleed' checkbox.
43. Select 'U.S. Web Coated (SWOP) v2' under CMYK combo box.
44. Click the 'Simple' Booklet Mode option.
45. Verify a simple PDF file has appeared.
46. Verify only the image appears on the Front cover page.
47. Click the 'Booklet Cover' Mode option.
48. Verify the Booklet cover has appeared.
49. Verify only the image appears on the Front cover page.
50. Click 'Booklet Insides' Mode option.
51. Verify the Booklet Inside pages appeared.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete ‘The Moon and the Cap’ book.
3. Close Bloom application.
