---
id: 143
title: "PDF with customized language name"
description: "(162) Make PDF with customized language name"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-08
last-modified: 2025-09-09
---

# Steps

**Setups Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click "The Moon and the Cap" book from the Sample Shells under Sources For New Books.
2. Verify the "The Moon and the Cap" book preview displays.
3. Verify the Settings button appears.
4. Click on the Settings button.
5. Verify the Settings dialog appears.
6. Click on the Languages tab.
7. Verify the Change... button appears under the Local Language.
8. Click on the Change... button.
9. Verify the Choose Language dialog appears.
10. Type "Tamil" on the Search box.
11. Verify the Language "Tamil" gets listed.
12. Select the Language "Tamil".
13. Verify Select a Script message display.
14. Verify the scripts related to the Language "Tamil" displays.
15. Select the Script "Tamil".
16. Verify the OK button becomes enabled.
17. Click on the OK button.
18. Verify the Choose Language dialog box closes.
19. Verify the Restart button appears on the Settings dialog box.
20. Click on the Restart button.
21. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
22. Verify the MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears.
23. Click on the MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
24. Verify the "The Moon and the Cap" book appears in the Edit Mode.
25. Click on the Front cover page from the Left pane.
26. Verify the Front cover page is available to Edit.
27. Verify the Text box with label custom name தமிழ் appears.
28. Click on the Text box with label தமிழ்.
29. Switch the Window keyboard language from English to Tamil.
29. Type "நிலாவும் தொப்பியும்" as Front Cover name.
30. Click on the collections tab.
31. Verify the book name displays as நிலாவும் தொப்பியும் on the right side.
32. Click on the Publish tab.
33. Verify the Web button appears.
34. Click on the Web button.
35. Verify the following options displays : 1) Confirm Meta data, 2) Agreements, 3) Upload, 4) Your Book on BloomLibrary.org.
36. Click on the “Click to Fix link” link button.
37. Verify the Copyright and License dialog appears.
38. Type "Tester" on the Copyright Holder input.
39. Verify the OK button becomes enabled.
40. Click on the OK button.
41. Verify the Missing Copyright Click to Fix link disappears.
42. Verify the following check boxes from 2) Agreements are enabled: 1) I have permission to publish all the text and images in this book, 2) The book gives credit to the author, translator and illustrator, 3) I agree to the Bloom Library Terms of Use.
43. Select the check box "I have permission to publish all the text and images in this book".
44. Verify that the check box "I have permission to publish all the text and images in this book" becomes checked.
45. Select the check box "The book gives credit to the author, translator and illustrator".
46. Verify the check box "The book gives credit to the author, translator and illustrator.
47. Select the check box "I agree to the Bloom Library Terms of Use.".
48. Verify the check box "I agree to the Bloom Library Terms of Use.
50. Verify the "SIGNIN OR SIGNUP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG" button from 3) Upload becomes enabled.
51. Click on the "SIGNIN OR SIGNUP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG" button.
52. Verify the Bloom Library opens in the new browser tab.
53. Click the SignIn with Google button.
54. Provide appropriate credentials.
55. Verify after a successful login, you are switched to the Bloom application.
56. Verify the UPLOAD BOOK button becomes enabled from the 3) Upload.
57. Click the UPLOAD BOOK button.
58. Verify the Upload Progress appears.
59. Wait until the progress ends.
60. Verify the Finished message appears.
61. Verify the VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button becomes enabled from 4) Your Book on BloomLibrary.org.
62. Click on the VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button.
63. Verify that the Bloom Library opens in the new browser tab.
64. Verify the book banner நிலாவும் தொப்பியும் displays to Read.
65. Switch to Bloom Application.
66. Click the PDF & Print button.
67. Verify the Publish to PDF & Print page appears.
68. Verify the Booklet Mode displays the following buttons : Simple, Booklet Cover, Booklet Insides.
69. Click the "Simple" button.
70. Verify the Progress dialog appears.
71. Verify the Creating PDF.. message displays in the Progress dialog.
72. Verify the Progress dialog closes.
73. Verify that the PDF file நிலாவும் தொப்பியும் is generated and displayed.
74. Click the Save PDF button.
75. Verify the Save as dialog appears.
76. Verify the File name displays as "நிலாவும் தொப்பியும்-தமிழ்-Pages"
77. Click the SAVE button.
78. Verify the Save as the dialog closes.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete The Moon and the Cap book.
2. Close Bloom application.
