---
id: 144
title: "Add summary/description to epub metadata"
description: "(171) Add summary/description to epub metadata Test summary/description in epub metadata is same as \"summary\" in BLib. publish. Ensure editing & mouse movements work ok."
issues: []
created: 2024-11-08
last-modified: 2025-09-09
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Type 'https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9mtzsjs9jsvw?hl=en-US&gl=US' in a browser search bar.
2. Verify eKitabu e-reader page opens.
3. Click the Download button.
4. Verify eKitabu Installer file is downloaded in the system.
5. Double click on the 'eKitabu e-reader Installer' file.
6. Verify 'eKitabu e-reader..The latest version is installed' dialog box appears on the computer.
7. Connect the Android mobile to the computer using USB Cable.
8. Open Play Store in the Android mobile.
9. Enter ‘eKitabu Reader app’ in the Search box.
10. Verify the ‘eKitabu Reader app’ appears in the list.
11. Select ‘eKitabu Reader app’.
12. Click the Install button.
13. Verify the ‘Installed’ message appears shortly.
14. Verify ‘eKitabu Reader app’ appears on the Android mobile.
15. Launch Bloom application
16. Click the Settings button.
17. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
18. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
19. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
20. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
21. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
22. Click the Restart button.
23. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click an eBook under Templates in the Collections view.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears on the preview pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
5. Paste ‘The Golden Touch’ in the English title box of the Front Cover.
6. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
7. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
8. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
9. Press the Enter key.
10. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
11. Click any of the Car images.
12. Click the OK button.
13. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
14. Click the Credits Page.
15. Verify the Copyright and License dialog opens.
16. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
17. Click the OK button.
18. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
19. Click the Add Page button.
20. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
21. Click the 'Just Text' template.
22. Click the Add Page button.
23. Verify the 'Just Text' is added.
24. Enter 'This is a test page' on the text box.
25. Click the Publish tab.
26. Click the ePUB button.
27. Verify Publish as ePUB view opens.
28. Click the Book Metadata link button.
29. Verify the Book Metadata dialog opens.
30. Click on the Metadata dialog box
31. Verify the cursor appears on the Metadata dialog box.
32. Enter 'This book is about a story of a car manufacturer' in the Summary box.
33. Mouse click in between the ‘car’ and ‘manufacturer’ summary.
34. Verify the cursor appears in between the ‘car’ and ‘manufacturer.
35. Select the entire text by using the mouse (ie., press and hold the left mouse click button then drag towards the entire text)  in the Metadata dialog box.
36. Verify the entire text can be selected.
37. Click outside of the text.
38. Verify the entire text is de-selected.
39. Click the OK button.
40. Click the Save button.
41. Verify Creating ePUB dialog flashes on the screen.
42. Verify 'Save As' dialog opens.
43. Click the 'Save' button.
44. Verify the The Gold Touch.epub book is saved in the Documents folder.
45. Double click on the .epub file.
46. Verify the book opens in the eKitabu application.
47. Click the Information (i) button on the eKitabu application.
48. Verify the Information page opens.
49. Verify the Summary ‘This book is about a story of a car manufacturer’  appears under Description field.
50. Click the Close button.
51. Verify the Information page closes.
52. Click the Close button.
53. Verify the The Golden Touch.epub Book closes.
54. Click the Close button.
55. Verify the eKitabu application closes.
56. Copy the The Gold Touch.epub file from the Documents folder.
57. Open the Internal Storage folder on the Android mobile.
58. Paste the  The Gold Touch.epub file in the folder.
59. Tap the eKitabu Reader app on the mobile.
60. Click the Hamburger button.
61. Verify eKitabu menu opens.
62. Click on Books on this device option.
63. Verify Books on this device page opens.
64. Click the + button which appears at the top right corner of the page.
65. Verify the Recent file folder opens.
66. Tap The Gold Touch.epub file.
67. Verify the book is added in the Books on this device page.
68. Click on the Book thumbnail.
69. Verify the book details page opens.
70. Verify the summary ‘This book is about a story of a car manufacturer’ appears under the Book Publisher field.
71. Click on the Bloom icon from the desktop.
72. Verify the Bloom application opens.
73. Click the Publish tab.
74. Click the Web button.
75. Verify Publish as Web view opens.
76. Click all the three checkboxes under 'Agreements' topic.
77. Verify 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button gets enabled.
78. Click 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
79. Verify a 'Sign in / Sign up' dialog opens.
80. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
81. Verify 'Sign in with email' dialog opens.
82. Type a valid email (eg., shawn@eth.net) in the Email text box.
83. Click the Next button.
84. Type a valid password (eg., B123456@u) in the Password text box.
85. Click the 'SIGN IN' button.
86. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' green button appears under Upload heading in Publish to Web view.
87. Click the 'UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button.
88. Verify Upload Progress message appears on the screen.
89. Wait for a few minutes. (max. 2 to 3 minutes)
90. Verify 'VIEW DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY' green button appears under 'Your Book on Bloomlibrary.org' heading.
91. Click the 'VIEW ON BLOOMLIBRARY' button.
92. Verify the book opens in your bloomlibrary account. (eg., it opens in the bloomlibrary.org/my-books link)
93. Verify the same summary  ‘This book is about a story of a car manufacturer’ appears under Book thumbnail.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the ePUB file.
3. Delete the ePUB book.
4. Uninstall eKitabu application.
5. Close Bloom application.
