---
id: 145
title: "ePUB generation performance regression"
description: "(172) ePUB generation performance regression"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-08
last-modified: 2025-10-15
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. A large number of Bloom collections folder should exists in the given link: AppData\Local\SIL\Bloom\Collections
2. An older version of Bloom is installed on the computer.
3. The latest version of Bloom is installed on the computer.
4. Launch Bloom Collection.
5. Click the Settings button.
6. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
7. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
8. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
9. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
10. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
11. Click the Restart button.
12. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Launch Older version Bloom.
2. Right click on the Bloom Standard toolbar.
3. Verify a popup menu opens.
4. Click the 'Start Measuring Performance' option.
5. Verify 'Bloom Performance Measurement' web page opens in the browser window.
6. Select 'The First Easter' (or any book) from the book collection.
7. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
8. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
9. Click the Publish button.
10. Click the ePUB button.
11. Verify Publish as ePUB view opens.
12. Click the Preview button.
13. Verify Creating ePUB..process dialog appears.
14. Click the Close button.
15. Click the Collections tab.
16. Verify the Collections view appears.
17. Select 'A Family Learns about..' (or any book) from the book collection.
18. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
19. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
20. Click the Publish button.
21. Click the ePUB button.
22. Verify Publish as ePUB view opens.
23. Click the Preview button.
24. Verify Creating ePUB..process dialog appears.
25. Click the Close button.
26. Open 'Bloom Performance Measurement' web page.
27. Verify the time taken to generate an ePUB for two books.
28. Verify that the time taken to generate an ePUB does not exceed 4 seconds
29. Click the Close button.
30. Verify the browser window closes.
31. Close Bloom application.
32. Launch the latest version of Bloom application.
33. Right click on the Bloom Standard toolbar.
34. Verify a popup menu opens.
35. Select 'Action Commands..' (or any book) from the book collection.
36. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
37. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
38. Click the Publish button.
39. Click the ePUB button.
40. Verify Publish as ePUB view opens.
41. Click the Preview button.
42. Verify Creating ePUB..process dialog appears.
43. Click the Close button.
44. Click the Collections tab.
45. Verify the Collections view appears.
46. Select 'Lalu the Owl..' (or any book) from the book collection.
47. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
48. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
49. Click the Publish button.
50. Click the ePUB button.
51. Verify Publish as ePUB view opens.
52. Click the Preview button.
53. Verify Creating ePUB..process dialog appears.
54. Click the Close button.
55. Open 'Bloom Performance Measurement' web page.
56. Verify the time taken to generate an ePUB for two books.
57. Verify that the time taken to generate an EPUB does not exceed 2 seconds.
58. Click the Close button.
59. Verify the browser window closes.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Book collection.
3. Close Bloom application.
