---
id: 146
title: "Use a combo of imported and Bloom-recorded audio on one page (or two imported)"
description: "(173) Use a combo of imported and Bloom-recorded audio on one page (or two imported)"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-08
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Click the Add page button.
6. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
7. Select 'Just a text' template.
8. Click the Add page button.
9. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
10. Turn on the Change Layout button.
11. Verify the page layout appears in the edit mode.
12. Click the 'Text' link.
13. Verify a new text box appears.
14. Hover the mouse over the page.
15. Click the + button.
16. Click the 'Text' link.
17. Verify a new text box appears.
18. Turn off the Change Layout button.
19. Verify three text boxes appear on the page.
20. Enter 'First Import. Split' in the first text box.
21. Enter 'Second. Import Split' in the second text box.
22. Enter 'Third. Recorded Split' in the third text box.
23. Click on the first text box.
24. Click the Hamburger button.
25. Verify the TBT menu appears.
26. Verify the text gets highlighted.
27. Click the Advanced button.
28. Select 'By Whole Text box' radio button. (if it is not selected)
29. Click the Import Recording button.
30. Verify Choose Audio File dialog box appears.
31. Click the Downloads option from the left pane.
32. Verify Downloads folder opens.
33. Select 'Sample Audio.mp3' file.
34. Click the Open button.
35. Verify the Check button is enabled.
36. Click the 'Adjust Timings...'button.
37. Verify Adjust Timings dialog opens.
38. Click the OK button.
39. Verify the texts gets splitted.
40. Click the second text box.
41. Verify the text gets highlighted.
42. Click the Import Recording button.
43. Verify Choose Audio File dialog box appears.
44. Click the Downloads option from the left pane.
45. Verify Downloads folder opens.
46. Select 'Sample1 Audio.mp3' file.
47. Click the Open button.
48. Verify the Check button is enabled.
49. Click the 'Adjust Timings...'button.
50. Verify Adjust Timings dialog opens.
51. Click the OK button.
52. Verify the texts get splitted.
53. Click the 'Listen to the whole page' button.
54. Click the Publish tab.
55. Click the ePUB button.
56. Verify Publish as ePUB view opens.
57. Click the Preview button.
58. Verify the book opens in the Preview pane.
59. Click the Next button.
60. Verify the text page with audio opens.
61. Click the Play button which appears at the top left corner of the page.
62. Verify the audio plays correctly.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Basic book.
3. Close Bloom application.
