---
id: 147
title: "Language Checkboxes in Publish Screens"
description: "(175) ePUB with Text Languages"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-08
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Download the book ‘08. God Saves Joseph and His Family’  from the given link: https://bloomlibrary.org/bible/open-bible-stories/book/CawMsQFGfe
2. Verify the book open in the Bloom application.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
5. Click the Publish tab.
6. Click the Web button.
7. Verify Publish to Web view appears.
8. Verify English, French, Hausa, Deutsch, Spanish & Swahili languages appear under Text Languages.
9. Select the 'Hausa' checkbox.
10. Select 'Deutsch' checkbox.
11. Hover the mouse over the ‘Hausa’ checkbox.
12. Verify the tooltip says “Select this if you want readers to be able to choose to read the book in this language”
13. Click the BloomPUB button.
14. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view appears.
15. Verify the selections (eg., 'Hausa' and 'Deutsch') are remembered.
16. Verify the  'English' check box is disabled since it is currently shown in the book.
17. Click the Preview button.
18. Verify the book appears in the Preview pane.
19. Click the Globe icon.
20. Verify the 'Languages in this book:' dialog opens.
21. Verify 'Deutsch' and 'Hausa' languages appear in the dialog. (i.e., they are embedded in the book).
22. Select 'Save BloomPUB File' option.
23. Click the Save button.
24. Verify Save As dialog appears.
25. Click the Save button.
26. Verify the Publishing dialog appears.
27. Click the Close button.
28. Verify the Publishing dialog closes.
29. Press Ctrl+E keys.
30. Verify the File Explorer window opens.
31. Click the Documents option. (from the left pane)
32. Verify the Documents folder opens.
33. Double click on the saved .BloomPUB file.
34. Verify the book opens in the BloomPUB viewer.
35. Click the Globe icon.
36. Verify the 'Languages in this book:' dialog opens.
37. Verify 'Deutsch' and 'Hausa' languages appear in the dialog. (ie., they are embedded in the book).
38. Click the Publish tab.
39. Click the Web button.
40. Enter the Missing Copyright details.
41. Select all the checkboxes under Agreements.
42. Verify SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG button is available.
43. Click SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG button
44. Verify Sign In / Sign Up dialog appears.
45. Click Sign in with an email button.
46. Enter valid email address in the Email box. (eg., shawn@eth.net)
47. Click the Next button.
48. Enter valid password in Password text box.
49. Click the Sign In button.
50. Verify UPLOAD BOOK(TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.OG) button appears.
51. Click the UPLOAD BOOK(TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.OG) button
52. Verify the Upload in Progress message appears.
53. Click View on Bloomlibrary button.
54. Verify the book opens in the bloomlibrary.org.
55. Click the READ button.
56. Verify the book opens in the Bloom player.
57. Click the Next button to see all the pages.
58. Verify if a language is only used in the XMatter (like the cover), and not in the main content of the book, then Bloom Library won’t show that the book is available in that language.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the 08. God Saves Joseph and His Family book.
3. Close Bloom application.
