---
id: 148
title: "Talking Book Languages"
description: "(176) ePUB with Talking Book Languages"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-08
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
10. Click the Settings button.
11. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
12. Click the Change link button under Local Languages.
13. Verify Choose Language dialog opens.
14. Enter Tamil in the Search bar.
15. Verify the Tamil language bar appears.
16. Click the Tamil language bar.
17. Verify Tamil script box appears.
18. Select Tamil script box.
19. Click the OK button.
20. Verify the Tamil (ta) appears as Local Language (L1)
21. Verify English (en) appears as National Language (L2)
22. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
23. Click the Restart button.
24. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
4. Click the Front Cover title box.
5. Enter 'பாலம் யாருக்கு சொந்தம்" in the L1 title box.
6. Enter 'Test Book' in the L2 title box.
7. Click the Add page button.
8. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
9. Select 'Just a text' template.
10. Click the Add page button.
11. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
12. Paste some text “ அதனால அந்த நாட்டுல வாழ்ந்துகிட்டு வந்த மரியாதை ராமன கூட்டிட்டு வந்து இந்த பிரச்னையை தீர்த்து வைக்க சொன்னாரு” in the L1 text box.
13. Click the Publish tab.
14. Click the BloomPUB button.
15. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view appears.
16. Click the Preview button.
17. Verify the book appears on the Preview pane.
18. Verify the title in the L2 is shown in the Front cover page.
19. Click Digital Comic Book under Specialized template.
20. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
21. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
22. Click the Front Cover title box.
23. Enter 'பாலம் யாருக்கு சொந்தம்" in the L1 title box.
24. Enter 'Test Book' in the L2 title box.
25. Click the Add page button.
26. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
27. Select 'Just a text' template.
28. Click the Add page button.
29. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
30. Paste some text “ அதனால அந்த நாட்டுல வாழ்ந்துகிட்டு வந்த மரியாதை ராமன கூட்டிட்டு வந்து இந்த பிரச்னையை தீர்த்து வைக்க சொன்னாரு” in the L1 text box.
31. Click the Publish tab.
32. Click the BloomPUB button.
33. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view appears.
34. Click the Preview button.
35. Verify the book appears on the Preview pane.
36. Verify the title in the L2 is shown in the Front cover page.
37. Download the book ‘Tummi's Family’  from the given link: https://bloomlibrary.org/talking-books/book/CRD2PwBCLQ?lang=en
38. Verify the book opens in the Bloom application.
39. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
40. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
41. Click the Publish tab.
42. Click the Web button.
43. Verify Publish to Web view opens.
44. Verify 'Bislama' check box is selected.
45. Verify the 'Talking Book' feature is ticked.
46. De-select the 'Bislama' check box.
47. Verify the 'Talking Book' feature is unticked and disabled.
48. Verify all the checkboxes under Text Languages are available except English.
49. Verify all the checkboxes are unchecked except English.
50. Hover the mouse over the 'Bislama' TB language.
51. Verify a tooltip says "Select this if you want to include this audio"
52. Click on the Edit tab.
53. Click any of the text pages. (eg., Page 3)
54. Click on the text box.
55. Verify the translation bubble appears.
56. Verify the Talking Book language 'Bislama' appears.
57. Click the Publish tab.
58. Click the BloomPUB button.
59. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
60. Click the Preview button.
61. Verify the book opens in the preview pane.
62. Click the Globe icon.
63. Verify the 'Language in this book' dialog appears.
64. Verify 'Bislama' TB language appears with the Speaker icon.
65. De-select 'Bislama' under Talking Book Languages.
66. Click the Preview button.
67. Verify the book opens in the preview pane.
68. Click the Globe icon.
69. Verify the Language in this book dialog.
70. Verify 'Bislama' TB language appears without the Speaker icon.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic book.
2. Delete the Digital Comic book.
3. Delete the Tummi's Family book.
4. Delete the Subscription code.
5. Close Bloom application.
