---
id: 149
title: "Sign Language with the book has no video"
description: "(177) ePUB with Sign Language with the book has no video"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-08
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Connect the WebCam to the computer.
2. Launch Bloom application
3. Click the Settings button.
4. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
5. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
6. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
7. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
8. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
9. Click the Restart button.
10. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
11. Click the Settings button.
12. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
13. Click the Set link button under Sign Language.
14. Verify Choose Language dialog opens.
15. Type 'American Sign' in the search bar.
16. Verify 'American Sign Language' bar appears.
17. Select the 'American Sign Language' bar.
18. Click the OK button.
19. Click the Restart button.
20. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click Sign Language book under Specialized Templates.
2. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button.
3. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
4. Type 'SL Book with no Video' in the Front cover title box.
5. Click the Credits page.
6. Click the 'Needs copyright' button.
7. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
8. Enter ' Tester' in the Copyright holder name box.
9. Click the OK button.
10. Click the Add Page button.
11. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
12. Click the ‘Big Text Diglot' template under Sign Language pages.
13. Click the Add Page button.
14. Verify the page is added.
15. Click the Picture pane.
16. Click the ‘Change Image’ button.
17. Verify the Image toolbox opens.
18. Enter ‘Car’ in the Search box.
19. Press the Enter key.
20. Verify the Car images appear in the preview pane.
21. Select any of the car images.
22. Click the OK button.
23. Verify the Car image appears on the image pane.
24. Click on the Text box.
25. Enter ‘This is a Car image’
26. Leave the Video pane.
27. Click the Publish tab.
28. Click the Web button.
29. Verify Publish to Web view opens.
30. Verify the SL feature is greyed out.
31. Hover the mouse over the SL feature label.
32. Verify the tooltip should say "This is disabled because this book does not have any videos."
33. Select all the checkboxes under Agreements.
34. Verify SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG button is available.
35. Click SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG button
36. Verify Sign In / Sign Up dialog appears.
37. Click Sign in with an email button.
38. Enter valid email address in the Email box. (eg., shawn@eth.net)
39. Click the Next button.
40. Enter valid password in Password text box.
41. Click the Sign In button.
42. Verify UPLOAD BOOK(TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.OG) button appears.
43. Click the UPLOAD BOOK(TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.OG) button
44. Verify the Upload in Progress message appears.
45. Click View on Bloomlibrary button.
46. Verify the book opens in the bloomlibrary.org.
47. Verify the SL icon does not appear under the Features label.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Disconnect WebCam from the computer.
2. Delete the Sign language book.
3. Delete the Subscription code.
4. Close Bloom application.
