---
id: 150
title: "Sign Language with the book has video"
description: "(178) ePUB with Sign Language with the book has video"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-08
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Connect WebCam to the computer.
2. Launch Bloom application
3. Click the Settings button.
4. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
5. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
6. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
7. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
8. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
9. Click the Restart button.
10. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
11. Click the Settings button.
12. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
13. Click the Set link button under Sign Language.
14. Verify Choose Language dialog opens.
15. Type 'American Sign' in the search bar.
16. Verify 'American Sign Language' bar appears.
17. Select the 'American Sign Language' bar.
18. Click the OK button.
19. Click the Restart button.
20. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click ‘Sign Language’ Book under Specialized Templates.
2. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button.
3. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
4. Type 'SL Book has Video' in the Front cover title box.
5. Click the Credits page.
6. Click the 'Needs copyright' button.
7. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
8. Enter ' Tester' in the Copyright holder name box.
9. Click the OK button.
10. Click the Add Page button.
11. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
12. Click the ‘Big Text Diglot' template under Sign Language pages.
13. Click the Add Page button.
14. Verify the page is added.
15. Click the Video pane.
16. Verify the Webcam is ON.
17. Verify the Video Preview appears under Sign Language Tool (pane).
18. Click the RECORD button.
19. Verify the Recording message appears.
20. Click the STOP button.
21. Verify the recorded video appears on the video pane. (ie., on the page)
22. Click the Publish tab.
23. Click the Web button.
24. Verify Publish to Web view opens.
25. Verify the SL feature check box is selected with a checkmark.
26. Hover the mouse over the Sign Language checkbox.
27. Verify the tooltip says 'This video in this book contains American Sign Language' with a hyperlink button.
28. Click on the hyperlink.
29. Verify Choose Language dialog opens.
30. Enter 'Afghan Sign Language' in the Search bar.
31. Verify 'Afghan Sign Language' bar appears.
32. Select 'Afghan Sign Language' bar.
33. Click the OK button.
34. Hover the mouse over the Sign Language checkbox.
35. Verify the tooltip says 'This video in this book contains Afghan Sign Language' with a hyperlink button.
36. Click the Collections tab.
37. Click the Settings button.
38. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
39. Verify the Sign language appears as 'Afghan Sign Language (afg)'
40. Click the OK button.
41. Click the Publish tab.
42. Click the Web button.
43. Verify Publish to Web view opens.
44. Select all the checkboxes under Agreements.
45. Verify SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG button is available.
46. Click SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG button
47. Verify Sign In / Sign Up dialog appears.
48. Click Sign in with an email button.
49. Enter valid email address in the Email box. (eg., shawn@eth.net)
50. Click the Next button.
51. Enter valid password in Password text box.
52. Click the Sign In button.
53. Verify UPLOAD BOOK(TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.OG) button appears.
54. Click the UPLOAD BOOK(TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.OG) button
55. Verify the Upload in Progress message appears.
56. Click VIEW ON BLOOMLIBRARY button.
57. Verify the book opens in the bloomlibrary.org.
58. Verify the SL icon  appears under the Features label.
59. Click on the Bloom icon from the Taskbar.
60. Verify Bloom application opens.
61. Click ‘Sign Language’ Book under Specialized Templates.
62. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button.
63. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
64. Type 'SL Book has Video One' in the Front cover title box.
65. Click the Credits page.
66. Click the 'Needs copyright' button.
67. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
68. Enter ' Tester' in the Copyright holder name box.
69. Click the OK button.
70. Click the Add Page button.
71. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
72. Click the ‘Big Text Diglot' template under Sign Language pages.
73. Click the Add Page button.
74. Verify the page is added.
75. Click the Video pane.
76. Verify the Webcam is ON.
77. Verify the Video Preview appears under Sign Language Tool (pane).
78. Click the RECORD button.
79. Verify the Recording message appears.
80. Click the STOP button.
81. Verify the recorded video appears on the video pane. (ie., on the page)
82. Click the Publish tab.
83. Click the Web button.
84. Verify Publish to Web view opens.
85. Verify the SL feature check box is selected with a checkmark.
86. De-select 'Sign Language' checkbox under Features.
87. Click the UPLOAD BOOK(TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.OG) button
88. Verify the Upload in Progress message appears.
89. Verify Upload Progress message appears.
90. Click VIEW ON BLOOMLIBRARY button.
91. Verify the book opens in the bloomlibrary.org.
92. Verify the SL icon  does not appear under the Features label.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Disconnect WebCam from the computer.
2. Delete the ‘SL Book has video’ Sign language book.
3. Delete the ‘SL Book has video One’ Sign language book.
4. Delete the Subscription code.
5. Close Bloom application.
