---
id: 151
title: "Sign Language in book without video"
description: "(179) ePUB with Sign Language with the book that does have video"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-08
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Connect WebCam to the computer.
2. Launch Bloom application
3. Click the Settings button.
4. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
5. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
6. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
7. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
8. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
9. Click the Restart button.
10. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click ‘Sign Language’ Book under Specialized Templates.
2. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button.
3. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
4. Type 'Test Video Book' in the Front cover title box.
5. Click the Credits page.
6. Click the 'Needs copyright' button.
7. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
8. Enter ' Tester' in the Copyright holder name box.
9. Click the OK button.
10. Click the Add Page button.
11. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
12. Click the ‘Big Text Diglot' template under Sign Language pages.
13. Click the Add Page button.
14. Verify the page is added.
15. Click the Video pane.
16. Verify the Webcam is ON.
17. Verify the Video Preview appears under Sign Language Tool (pane).
18. Click the RECORD button.
19. Verify the Recording message appears.
20. Click the STOP button.
21. Verify the recorded video appears on the video pane. (ie., on the page)
22. Click the Publish tab.
23. Click the Web button.
24. Verify Publish to Web view opens.
25. Verify the SL feature is disabled.
26. Hover the mouse over the Sign Language checkbox.
27. Verify the tooltip says 'This is disabled because this collection has no sign language selected' with a hyperlink button.
28. Click on the 'no sign language selected' hyperlink.
29. Verify Choose Language dialog opens.
30. Enter 'American Sign Language' in the Search bar.
31. Verify 'American Sign Language' bar appears.
32. Select the 'American Sign Language' bar.
33. Click the OK button.
34. Verify the Sign Language feature is enabled and Checked.
35. Hover the mouse over the Sign Language checkbox.
36. Verify the tooltip says 'This video in this book contains American Sign Language' with a hyperlink button.
37. Click the Collections tab.
38. Click the Settings button.
39. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
40. Verify the Sign language appears as 'American Sign Language (ase)'
41. Click the OK button.
42. Click the Publish tab.
43. Click the Web button.
44. Verify Publish to Web view opens.
45. Select all the checkboxes under Agreements.
46. Verify SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG button is available.
47. Click SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG button
48. Verify Sign In / Sign Up dialog appears.
49. Click Sign in with an email button.
50. Enter valid email address in the Email box. (eg., shawn@eth.net)
51. Click the Next button.
52. Enter valid password in Password text box.
53. Click the Sign In button.
54. Verify UPLOAD BOOK(TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.OG) button appears.
55. Click the UPLOAD BOOK(TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.OG) button
56. Verify the Upload in Progress message appears.
57. Click VIEW ON BLOOMLIBRARY button.
58. Verify the book opens in the bloomlibrary.org.
59. Verify the SL icon  appears under the Features label.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Disconnect WebCam from the computer.
2. Delete the ‘Test Video Book’ Sign language book.
3. Delete the Subscription code.
4. Close Bloom application.
