---
id: 152
title: "ePUB with Activity"
description: "(180) ePUB with Activity"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-08
last-modified: 2025-09-04
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic Book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the Book opens in the Edit view.
5. Click the Add Page button.
6. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
7. Select 'Comprehension Quiz' template under Games Pages.
8. Click the Add Page button.
9. Verify the  Comprehension Quiz page is added.
10. Click the Publish tab.
11. Click the Web button.
12. Verify Publish to Web view appears.
13. Hover the mouse over 'Game' feature under Features heading. (which appears at the right most pane)
14. Verify the tooltip says 'This book has games'
15. Click the Collections tab.
16. Click the Settings button.
17. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
18. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
19. Delete the Subscription Code from the Subscription view.
20. Click the Restart button.
21. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
22. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
23. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
24. Verify Game Tool is disabled on the right pane.
25. Click the Publish tab.
26. Click the Web button.
27. Verify Publish to Web view appears.
28. Hover the mouse over 'Game' feature under Features heading. (which appears at the right most pane)
29. Verify the tooltip says 'This feature requires a Bloom subscription tier of at least "Pro"'
30. Click the Collections tab.
31. Click the Settings button.
32. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
33. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
34. Enter "Test-727011-1339" in the Subscription Code from the Subscription view.
35. Click the Restart button.
36. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
37. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
38. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
39. Verify Game Tool available for editing on the right pane.
40. Click the Add Page button.
41. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
42. Select 'Just Picture' template under Basic Pages.
43. Click the Add Page button.
44. Verify the  Just Picture page is added.
45. Click the 'Comprehension Page' thumbnail.
46. Verify a triangle button appears at the bottom right corner of the thumbnail.
47. Click on the triangle button.
48. Verify a popup menu opens.
49. Click the Remove Page option.
50. Verify 'Really Remove Page?' dialog opens.
51. Click the 'Remove' button.
52. Verify the Quiz page is removed from the Edit pane.
53. Click the Publish tab.
54. Click the Web button.
55. Verify Publish to Web view appears.
56. Hover the mouse over 'Game' feature under Features heading. (which appears at the right most pane)
57. Verify the tooltip says 'This book does not have any games'

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic Book.
2. Delete the Subscription code.
3. Close Bloom application.
