---
id: 153
title: "ePUB with Motion"
description: "(181) ePUB with Motion"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-08
last-modified: 2025-09-04
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a The Moon and the Cap Shell Book under Sample Shells. (which appears at the lower left pane of the Collections view)
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the Book opens in the Edit view.
5. Click the Publish tab.
6. Click the Web button.
7. Verify Publish to Web view appears.
8. Verify the 'Motion' feature is grayed out under Features heading.
9. Click the Edit tab.
10. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
11. Click the 3 lines button which appears at the top right corner of the page.
12. Verify the Talking Book Tool menu opens.
13. Click the 'More..' option.
14. Verify 'More' option menu opens.
15. Select the Motion Tool checkbox.
16. Click Page 1 thumbnail.
17. Verify Page 1 appears on the Edit view.
18. Verify the Motion feature enables (ie., the two rectangle box) on the picture pane.
19. Click on the sentence of the text box.
20. Click the Talking Book Tool option (which appears at the lower right corner of the window)
21. Verify the sentence gets highlighted on the text box.
22. Click and hold the 'Speak' button and record the sentence 'All of us went to the fun fair'.
23. Verify the 'Check' button is enabled.
24. Click Page 2 thumbnail.
25. Verify Page 2 appears on the Edit view.
26. Click the Motion Tool option which appears at the top right corner of the window.
27. Verify the Motion feature enables (ie., the two rectangle box) on the picture page.
28. Click on the sentence of the text box.
29. Click the Talking Book Tool option (which appears at the lower right corner of the window)
30. Verify the sentence gets highlighted on the text box.
31. Click and hold the 'Speak' button and record the sentence 'Father bought brother fancy glasses'.
32. Verify the 'Check' button is enabled.
33. Click the Publish tab.
34. Click the Web button.
35. Verify Publish to Web view appears.
36. Verify the Motion Book feature is checked.
37. Verify the Talking Book feature is checked.
38. Click the 'Click to fix' link under Missing Copyright field.
39. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
40. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
41. Click the OK button.
42. Click all the 3 checkboxes under Agreements field.
43. Verify 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button gets enabled.
44. Click 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
45. Verify a 'Sign in / Sign up' dialog opens.
46. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
47. Verify 'Sign in with email' dialog opens.
48. Type a valid email (eg., shawn@eth.net) in the Email text box.
49. Click the Next button.
50. Type a valid password (eg., B123456@u) in the Password text box.
51. Click the 'SIGN IN' button.
52. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' green button appears under Upload heading in Publish to Web view.
53. Click the 'UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button.
54. Verify Upload Progress message appears on the screen.
55. Wait for a few minutes. (max. 2 to 3 minutes)
56. Verify 'VIEW DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY' green button appears under 'Your Book on Bloomlibrary.org' heading.
57. Click the 'VIEW ON BLOOMLIBRARY' button.
58. Verify the book opens in your bloomlibrary account.
59. Verify 'This book has recently arrived in the Bloom Library..' green box message appears.
60. Wait for a minute.
61. Press F5 key to refresh the page.
62. Verify the 'READ' button appears.
63. Verify the Motion icon appears on the page.
64. Click the 'READ' button.
65. Verify the Book opens in the Bloom Player.
66. Verify the READing shows landscape & autopage turn.
67. Click the Close button.
68. Verify the browser window closes.
69. Verify the Bloom application appears in the Publish to Web view.
70. Deselect the Motion Book feature under Features heading.
71. Click the UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG) button.
72. Verify 'Is this an update of your existing book?' collection dialog appears.
73. Select 'Yes, I want to update this book' radio button.
74. Click the UPLOAD button.
75. Verify the Upload progress message appears.
76. Verify 'Finished' message appears.
77. Click VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button.
78. Verify the book opens in the Blorg site.
79. Wait for a few minutes.
80. Press the F5 key to refresh the page.
81. Verify the READ button appears.
82. Verify the Motion icon should be disabled state.
83. Click the READ button.
84. Verify the book opens in the Bloom Player.
85. Verify the READing shows a portrait book with no auto page turn.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete ‘The Moon and the Cap’ Book.
2. Delete the Subscription code.
3. Close Bloom application.
