---
id: 154
title: "ePUB with Accessible"
description: "(182) ePUB with Accessible"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-08
last-modified: 2025-09-04
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Settings button.
2. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
3. Click 'Change'link button on Local Language
4. Verify Choose Language dialog opens.
5. Enter 'Tamil' in the Search box.
6. Verify Tamil language bar appears.
7. Click the Tamil language bar.
8. Verify 'Tamil' script box appears.
9. Click the 'Tamil' script box.
10. Click the OK button.
11. Verify the தமிழ் (ta) appears as Local Language.
12. Click the Restart button.
13. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
14. Click a Basic Book.
15. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
16. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
17. Verify the Book opens in the Edit view.
18. Click on the Front Cover page thumbnail.
19. Paste a tamil word ‘ராமன் கதைகள்’ in the title box.
20. Click the Credits Page thumbnail.
21. Verify the Credits Page appears on the edit view.
22. Click the 'Needs Copyright' button.
23. Verify the Copyright and License' dialog appears.
24. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder name.
25. Click the OK button.
26. Verify the Copyright and License' dialog closes.
27. Click the Add Page button.
28. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
29. Select 'Just Picture' template under Basic Pages.
30. Click the Add Page button.
31. Verify the  Just Picture page is added.
32. Click the Change Image button.
33. Verify Image Toolbox opens.
34. Type 'Car' in the Search box.
35. Press the Enter key.
36. Click any of the Car images.
37. Verify the car image gets selected.
38. Click the OK button.
39. Verify the Car Image appears on the picture pane
40. Click the Publish tab.
41. Click the Web button.
42. Verify Publish to Web view appears.
43. Verify 'Accessible to the Visually Impaired in தமிழ்'  appears under the Features heading.
44. Verify this feature is disabled.
45. Hover the mouse over 'Accessible to the Visually Impaired in தமிழ்'  feature under Features heading.
46. Verify the tooltip says "This is disabled because this book does not have any image descriptions in the primary language".
47. Click the Edit tab.
48. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
49. Click on the picture pane.
50. Click the Hamburger (3 lines) button which appears on the top right corner of the window.
51. Verify Talking Book Tool menu opens.
52. Click the More.. option.
53. Verify More..option menu opens.
54. Select 'Image Description Tool' checkbox.
55. Verify the Image Description window appears on the page.
56. Click on the right column of the page.
57. Enter 'This is a car' in the text box.
58. Click the Talking Book Tool option.
59. Verify the sentence get highlighted.
60. Click and Hold the ‘Speak’ button.
61. Record ‘This is a car’.
62. Leave the ‘Speak’ Button.
63. Verify the ‘Check’ button is enabled.
64. Click the Publish tab.
65. Click the Web button.
66. Verify Publish to Web view opens.
67. Verify the 'Accessible to the Visually Impaired in தமிழ்'  feature is enabled but is not checked by default.
68. Hover the mouse over the 'Accessible to the Visually Impaired in தமிழ்' feature.
69. Verify the tooltip says "Select this if you want to list this book as accessible to the visually impaired in the primary language. This only affects how the book is categorized, it does not affect the content of the book."
70. Select all the 3 checkboxes under Agreements field.
71. Verify SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG button appears under Upload heading.
72. Verify 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button gets enabled.
73. Click 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
74. Verify a 'Sign in / Sign up' dialog opens.
75. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
76. Verify 'Sign in with email' dialog opens.
77. Type a valid email (eg., shawn@eth.net) in the Email text box.
78. Click the Next button.
79. Type a valid password (eg., B123456@u) in the Password text box.
80. Click the 'SIGN IN' button.
81. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' green button appears under Upload heading in Publish to Web view.
82. Click the 'UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button.
83. Verify Upload Progress message appears on the screen.
84. Wait for a few minutes. (max. 2 to 3 minutes)
85. Verify 'VIEW DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY' green button appears under 'Your Book on Bloomlibrary.org' heading.
86. Click the 'VIEW ON BLOOMLIBRARY' button.
87. Verify the book opens in your bloomlibrary account.
88. Wait for a few minutes.
89. Press the F5 key to refresh the page.
90. Verify the READ button is available on the page.
91. Click the READ button.
92. Verify the book opens in the Bloom Player.
93. Click the Next button.
94. Verify the Car image appears on the page.
95. Click the Close button.
96. Verify the browser window closes.
97. Verify  the Bloom application appears.
98. Select the  'Accessible to the Visually Impaired in தமிழ்' check box.
99. Click the UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG) button.
100. Verify 'Is this an update of your existing book?' collection dialog appears.
101. Select 'Yes, I want to update this book' radio button.
102. Click the UPLOAD button.
103. Verify the Upload progress message appears.
104. Verify 'Finished' message appears.
105. Click VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button.
106. Verify the book opens in the Blorg site.
107. Wait for a few minutes.
108. Press the F5 key to refresh the page.
109. Verify the READ button appears.
110. Verify the ‘Image Description’ icon appears under Features heading.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic Book.
2. Delete the Subscription code.
3. Close Bloom application.
