---
id: 155
title: "Add new custom colors added to quick chooser"
description: "(183)Add new custom colors and ensure they are added to quick chooser"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-08
last-modified: 2025-10-13
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted

**Action Steps**

1. Click an eBook.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Enter 'The Golden Touch' in the Front Cover title box.
6. Click the Credits Page thumbnail.
7. Verify the Credits page opens.
8. Click the 'Needs Copyright' button.
9. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
10. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
11. Click the OK button.
12. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
13. Click the Add page button.
14. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
15. Select 'Basic Text & Picture' template.
16. Click the Add page button.
17. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
18. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
19. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
20. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
21. Press the Enter key.
22. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
23. Click any of the Car images.
24. Click the OK button.
25. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
26. Click on the Text pane.
27. Enter ‘This is a car’ in the text pane.
28. Click the Book Settings button.
29. Verify the Book Settings dialog opens.
30. Click the Cover tab.
31. Click the Background Color palette under All Cover Pages.
32. Verify the Background Color palette opens.
33. Select green color (or any color) from the palette.
34. Click the OK button.
35. Verify the Background Color palette box shows green color.
36. Click the OK button.
37. Verify that all the cover pages (eg., Front cover, Inside Front cover, Inside Back cover) appear in green color.
38. Click the Publish tab.
39. Click the BloomPUB button.
40. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
41. Click the Preview button.
42. Verify all the cover pages appear in green color in the book's preview.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the eBook.
3. Close Bloom application.
