---
id: 156
title: "Make a book from the Template Starter and publish to web"
description: "(184,185) Make a book from the Template Starter and publish to web"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-08
last-modified: 2025-10-13
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Template Starter under Specialized Templates heading.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Click the Template Title textbox.
6. Select 'My Template' word from the textbox.
7. Verify a format toolbar appears on the screen.
8. Click the 'Bold' button from the toolbar.
9. Verify 'My Template' word style changed to Bold.
10. Click the 'Italic' button from the toolbar.
11. Verify 'My Template' word style changed to Italic.
12. Click the Add page button.
13. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
14. Select 'Basic Text & Picture' template.
15. Click the Add page button.
16. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
17. Click the Publish tab.
18. Click the BloomPUB button.
19. Verify Publish to BloomPUB view opens.
20. Click the Preview button.
21. Verify the 'My Template' word appears with bold and italic style.
22. Click the Publish tab.
23. Click the Web button.
24. Verify Publish to Web page opens.
25. Check all the three checkboxes under Agreements.
26. Select the Visibility (Draft) Check box.
27. Click 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
28. Verify it opens the Sign In / Sign Up dialog.
29. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
30. Enter the registered email (with bloom) in the Email text box. (eg., shawn@eth.net)
31. Click the Next button.
32. Enter valid password in the password text box.
33. Click the Sign In button.
34. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button appears on the Publish to Web view.
35. Click 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button
36. Wait for a few seconds.
37. Click VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button appears.
38. Verify the Book opens in the Blorg. (bloomlibrary.org site)
39. Verify the 'My Template' word appears with bold and italic style.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Template Starter book.
3. Close Bloom application.
