---
id: 157
title: "Embedded languages used in book"
description: "(197) Embedded languages appeared when the regional language is never used in the book (BR)"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-10-13
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Click the 'Other Collection' button.
3. Verify 'Open/Create Collections' dialog opens.
4. Click the 'Create New Collection' button.
5. Verify 'Create New Bloom Collection'  dialog opens.
6. Enter 'Tamil' in the Search box.
7. Verify Tamil language bar appears.
8. Click the Tamil language bar.
9. Verify 'Tamil' script box appears.
10. Click the 'Tamil' script box.
11. Click the Next button.
12. Verify Font and Script view appears.
13. Click the Next button.
14. Verify Give Language Location view appears.
15. Click the Next button.
16. Verify 'தமிழ் Books' appears as Collection Name.
17. Click the Next button.
18. Verify 'Ready to create New collection' pane appears.
19. Click the Finish button.
20. Verify a new collection 'தமிழ் Books' appears on the Collections view.
21. Click the Settings button.
22. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
23. Verify Tamil (ta) appears under Local Language.
24. Verify English (en) appears under National Language.
25. Click the 'Set' link button under Regional Language.
26. Verify the Choose Language dialog opens.
27. Enter 'hindi' in the Search box.
28. Verify  Hindi language bar appears.
29. Click the Hindi language bar.
30. Verify 'Devanagari(Nagari)' Script box appears.
31. Click the Devanagari(Nagari) script box.
32. Click the OK button.
33. Verify मानक हिन्दी (hi) appears under the Regional Language heading.
34. Click the Restart button.
35. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Book Making tab.
2. Click Default Font for the Tamil drop down list box.
3. Verify the list box opens.
4. Select 'ABeeZee' font.
5. Click the Restart button.
6. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
7. Click an eBook under Templates.
8. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
9. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
10. Paste 'மரியாதை ராமன் ' in the Front cover title box.
11. Click the Add page button.
12. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
13. Select 'Just a Text' template.
14. Click the Add page button.
15. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
16. Select the language chooser from the bloom toolbar.
17. Select the English language.
18. Select Hindi language.
19. Verify the Tamil and English and Hindi text box appears on the text pane.
20. Paste "பாலம் யாருக்கு சொந்தம் " in the Tamil text pane.
21. Enter 'Who owns the bridge' in the english text pane.
22. Paste "गरमा गरम समोसे" in the hindi text pane.
23. Click the Publish tab.
24. Click the BloomPUB button.
25. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
26. Click the Preview button.
27. Navigate to the text page.
28. Verify the embedded font appears in the Tamil textbox.
29. Click the Collections tab.
30. Verify the Collections view opens.
31. Click the Settings button.
32. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
33. Click the Book Making tab.
34. Set Tamil as the National Language.
35. Set English as the Local Language.
36. Restart Bloom.
37. Click the Publish tab.
38. Click the BloomPUB button.
39. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
40. Click the Preview button.
41. Untick "Tamil" under "Text Languages" (if it is ticked)
42. Click the Preview button.
43. Verify the embedded font for Tamil should not appear.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Tamil Collection Book.
2. Delete the eBook.
3. Close Bloom application.
