---
id: 158
title: "New Fonts are embedded when a book is published to Bloom Reader"
description: "(198) New Fonts are embedded when a book is published to Bloom Reader"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-05
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Connect Android Mobile to the Computer via USB Cable.
2. Verify the Bloom Reader installed in the Android Mobile.
3. Download Doulos SIL font from https://software.sil.org/downloads/r/doulos/DoulosSIL-7.000.zip in the Download folder.
4. Right Click on the .zip file.
5. Verify a popup menu appears.
6. Click the 'Extract here' option.
7. Verify the DoulosSIL folder appears.
8. Double click on the DoulosSIL folder
9. Verify DoulosSIL folder opens.
10. Double click on the DoulosSIL-Regular ttf file.
11. Verify the Install dialog opens.
12. Click the Install button.
13. Verify 'Installing Fonts' message appears on the screen.
14. Click the Close button.
15. Verify the Doulos SIL Install dialog closes.
16. Launch Bloom application
17. Click the Settings button.
18. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
19. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
20. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
21. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
22. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
23. Click the Restart button.
24. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click an eBook under Templates in the Collections view.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears on the preview pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
5. Enter 'New Fonts in Bloom Reader' on the Front cover title box.
6. Click the Credits Page.
7. Verify the Copyright and License dialog opens.
8. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holer text box.
9. Click the OK button.
10. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
11. Click the Add Page button.
12. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
13. Click the 'Just Text' template.
14. Click the Add Page button.
15. Verify the 'Just Text' is added.
16. Enter 'There once was a boy who grew bored while watching over the village sheep' in the text box.
17. Click the gear icon (which appears in the bottom left of the text box)
18. Verify the Format dialog opens.
19. Click the 'Character' tab.
20. Click the 'Font' dropdown list.
21. Verify the newly installed 'Doulos SIL' font appears in the list.
22. Select 'Doulos SIL' font.
23. Verify the Sentence in the text box changed to 'Doulos SIL' font style.
24. Click outside of the Format dialog.
25. Verify the Format dialog closes.
26. Click the Publish tab.
27. Click the BloomPUB button.
28. Verify Publish as BloomPUB page appears.
29. Verify the Sign Language features are enabled and checked under Features heading.
30. Select 'Send over USB Cable' radio button.
31. Click the 'CONNECT WITH USB CABLE' button.
32. Verfify Publishing dialog flashes on the screen.
33. Tap the Bloom Reader app on the Android mobile.
34. Verify the 'New Fonts in Bloom Reader' Book appears on the Bloom Reader menu.
35. Tap on the 'New Fonts in Bloom Reader' book.
36. Verify the book opens in the landscape mode.
37. Tap the Next page.
38. Verify the Sentence in the text box appeared in 'Doulos SIL' font style. (ie., the font should be embedded in the page)

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Remove the USB cable Android Mobile from the Computer.
2. Delete the Subscription Code.
3. Delete ‘New Fonts in Bloom Reader’ book.
4. Uninstall ‘Doulous SIL’ font from the computer.
5. Close Bloom application.
