---
id: 159
title: "Bulk Publishing with Bloom Reader"
description: "(199) Bulk Publishing with Bloom Reader"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-05
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Connect Android Mobile to the Computer via USB Cable.
2. Verify the Bloom Reader installed in the Android Mobile.
3. Download MC - YRT- Yumi Read Level 3 -ETP from https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1z0f7PdQywE8azia4qeEvRsU5v3doHM4O (Needs Developer's approval) in the Downloads folder.
4. Right click on the .zip folder.
5. Verify a popup menu appears.
6. Click the 'Extract Here' option.
7. Verify the extracted MC - YRT- Yumi Read Level 3 -ETP folder opens.
8. Double click on MC - YRT - Yumi Read Level 3 - ETP folder.
9. Verify the folder opens.
10. Double click on MC -YRT - Yumi Read Level 3 - ETP.Bloom Book Collection.
11. Verify the book opens in the Bloom application.
12. Close the Bloom application.
13. Launch Bloom application
14. Click the Settings button.
15. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
16. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
17. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
18. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
19. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
20. Click the Restart button.
21. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
22. Verify the MC -YRT - Yumi Read Level 3 - ETP book collection opens in the Bloom application.
23. Verify there are 22 books appearing under the book collection.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Publish tab.
2. Click the BloomPUB button.
3. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
4. Click 'Make All BloomPUBs from Collection' button (which appears at the bottom right corner of the page)
5. Verify Make All BloomPUBs from Collection dialog opens.
6. Verify 'Compress into single.bloombundle file' checkbox is selected.
7. Click the 'Make' button.
8. Verify Bulk Save BloomPUBs dialog opens.
9. Wait for a few minutes.
10. Verify BloomPubs window opens.
11. Verify the BloomPubs file saved location. (eg.,C:\Users\UserName)\AppData\Local\Temp\BloomPubs)
12. Click the Close button.
13. Verify the BloomPubs window closes.
14. Click the Close button.
15. Verify the Bulk Save BloomPubs dialog closes.
16. Copy the 'BloomPubs' folder from the given location (ie., C:\Users\UserName)\AppData\Local\Temp\BloomPubs)
17. Open Android Mobile Internal Storage. (eg., This PC\AndroidMobile\Internal shared storage) in the computer.
18. Double click on the Bloombundle folder.
19. Paste the 'BloomPubs' folder.
20. Click the close button.
21. Verify the Bloombundle window closes.
22. Open Bloom Reader in the Android Mobile.
23. Click the Hamburger button (which appears at the top left corner of the page)
24. Verify an option menu opens.
25. Click the 'Open BloomBundle File' option.
26. Click the File manager of the Android Mobile.
27. Verify the BloomPubs folder appears.
28. Tap on the 'BloomPubs' folder.
29. Verify the .bloombundle file appears.
30. Tap on .bloombundle file
31. Verify all the 22 books from ‘MC -YRT - Yumi Read Level 3 - ETP’ book collection should appear on the Bloom page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Remove the USB cable  from the Computer.
2. Delete the Subscription Code.
3. Delete ‘MC -YRT - Yumi Read Level 3 - ETP’ book.
4. Close Bloom Reader application.
5. Close Bloom application.
