---
id: 16
title: "Bloom Player"
description: "Test case for Bloom Player"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-04
last-modified: 2025-10-17
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Connect the Android Mobile (with Bloom Reader installed)  to the computer using a USB cable.
2. Launch Bloom application
3. Click the Settings button.
4. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
5. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
6. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
7. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
8. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
9. Click the Restart button.
10. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the "The Moon and the Cap" Shell book under Sample Shells.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
4. Select the 'Device 16x9 landscape' option from the toolbar.
5. Click the Front cover page. (if it is not seletect)
6. Click the Hamburger button.
7. Verify the TBT menu opens.
8. Verify the text gets highlighted in the text box.
9. Press and hold the 3)Speak button.
10. Record 'The Moon and the Cap' using a microphone.
11. Release the button.
12. Verify the 4)Check button is enabled.
13. Click before 'and' in the 'The Moon and the Cap' title.
14. Click the Advanced button.
15. Select the "By Whole Text Box" button.
16. Click the 'Insert Segment Marker' button.
17. Verify a segment marker is inserted before the word 'and'.
18. Click the Publish tab.
19. Click the BloomPUB button.
20. Verify 'Publish as BloomPUB' view opens.
21. Click the BloomPUB button.
22. Click the Preview button.
23. Verify the audio plays in the book title.
24. Verify the playback retains spacing.
25. Click the Save button.
26. Verify the Save As dialog opens.
27. Click the Save button.
28. Verify the book is saved as .bloomPUB file. (in documents folder)
29. Press Ctrl+E keys.
30. Verify the File Explorer window opens.
31. Click the Documents option which appears in the left pane.
32. Verify the Documents folder opens.
33. Double click on the The Moon and the Cap.bloomPUB file.
34. Verify the book opens in the BloomPUB viewer.
35. Verify the audio plays in the book title.
36. Verify the playback retains spacing.
37. Click the Bloom icon from the taskbar.
38. Verify the Bloom application opens.
39. Select "Send over USB Cable"
40. Click the CONNECT WITH USB CABLE button.
41. Verify the Publishing dialog appears.
42. Click the Close button.
43. Verify the book appears in the Bloom Reader.(in the Mobile)
44. Tap 'The Moon and the Cap' book.
45. Verify the audio plays in the book title.
46. Verify the playback retains spacing.
47. Click the Bloom icon from the taskbar.
48. Verify the Bloom application opens.
49. Click the Web button.
50. Verify 'Publish to Web' view opens.
51. Click the 'Click to fix' button under the Missing Copyright heading.
52. Verify the Copyright and License dialog opens.
53. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder box.
54. Click the OK button.
55. Check all the three checkboxes under Agreements.(if it is not checked)
56. Select the Visibility (Draft) Check box.
57. Click 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
58. Verify it opens the Sign In / Sign Up dialog.
59. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
60. Enter the registered email (with bloom) in the Email text box. (eg., shawn@eth.net)
61. Click the Next button.
62. Enter valid password in the password text box.
63. Click the Sign In button.
64. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button appears on the Publish to Web view.
65. Click the 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button.
66. Wait for a few seconds.
67. Verify VIEW IN BLOOMLIBRARY button appears.
68. Click  VIEW IN BLOOMLIBRARY button
69. Verify the book opens in the Bloomlibrary.org site.
70. Click the READ button.
71. Verify the book opens in the Bloom player.
72. Verify the audio plays in the book title.
73. Verify the playback retains spacing.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Disconnect the Android Mobile from the computer.
2. Delete the Subscription code.
3. Delete The Moon and the Cap book.
4. Close Bloom application.
