---
id: 160
title: "Page slider in Bloom Reader"
description: "(200)Page slider in Bloom Reader"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-11
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Connect the Android Mobile to the computer via USB cable.
2. Enable ‘File transfer / Android Auto’ option in the Android mobile.
3. Tap the ‘Play Store’ application in the Android Mobile.
4. Verify the Play Store application opens.
5. Type ‘Bloom Reader’ in the Search bar.
6. Verify the ‘Bloom Reader application appears in the application list.
7. Click the “Install’ button.
8. Click the ‘Open’ button.
9. Verify the Bloom Reader application opens in the Mobile device.
10. Launch Bloom application
11. Click the Settings button.
12. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
13. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
14. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
15. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
16. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
17. Click the Restart button.
18. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Enter 'The Golden Touch' in the Front Cover title box.
6. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
7. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
8. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
9. Press the Enter key.
10. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
11. Click any of the Car images.
12. Click the OK button.
13. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
14. Click the Add page button.
15. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
16. Select 'Basic Text & Picture' template.
17. Click the Add page button.
18. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
19. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
20. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
21. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
22. Press the Enter key.
23. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
24. Click any of the Car images.
25. Click the OK button.
26. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
27. Click on the text pane.
28. Enter ‘This is a text page’ in the text pane.
29. Click the Add page button.
30. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
31. Select 'Just a text' template.
32. Click the Add page button.
33. Verify the Just a text page is added in the edit mode.
34. Click on the text pane.
35. Enter ‘This is only a text page’ in the text pane.
36. Click the Add page button.
37. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
38. Select 'Basic Text & Picture' template.
39. Click the Add page button.
40. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
41. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
42. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
43. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
44. Press the Enter key.
45. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
46. Click any of the Car images.
47. Click the OK button.
48. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
49. Click on the text pane.
50. Enter ‘This is another text page’ in the text pane.
51. Click the Publish tab.
52. Click the BloomPUB button.
53. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
54. Select 'Send over USB Cable' option.
55. Click the CONNECT WITH USB CABLE button.
56. Verify Publishing dialog appears on the screen.
57. Verify 'You can now read <The Golden Touch> in Bloom Reader!' message appears on the dialog.
58. Click the Close button.
59. Verify Publishing dialog closes.
60. Open Bloom Reader app in the Mobile.
61. Verify the book name 'The Golden Touch' appears on the Bloom Reader.
62. Tap on the book name.
63. Verify the book opens with the front cover.
64. Tap on a specific spot on the front cover page.
65. Verify there is a Page Slider appears at the bottom of the page.
66. Drag the page slider to the right side.
67. Verify the next page opens.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Disconnect the Android Mobile from the computer.
2. Delete Subscription code.
3. Delete ‘The Golden Touch’ book.
4. Close Bloom application.
