---
id: 162
title: "L2 content must always be visible in the BloomPUB Preview, regardless of selection status"
description: "(202,203) L2 content must always be visible in the BloomPUB Preview, regardless of selection status"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-10-22
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Click the 'Other Collection' button.
2. Verify 'Open/Create Collections' dialog opens.
3. Click the 'Create New Collection' button.
4. Verify 'Create New Bloom Collection'  dialog opens.
5. Enter 'Tamil' in the Search box.
6. Verify Tamil language bar appears.
7. Click the Tamil language bar.
8. Verify 'Tamil' script box appears.
9. Click the 'Tamil' script box.
10. Click the Next button.
11. Verify Font and Script view appears.
12. Click the Next button.
13. Verify Give Language Location view appears.
14. Click the Next button.
15. Verify 'தமிழ் Books' appears as Collection Name.
16. Click the Next button.
17. Verify 'Ready to create New collection' pane appears.
18. Click the Finish button.
19. Verify a new collection 'தமிழ் Books' appears on the Collections view.
20. Click the Settings button.
21. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
22. Verify Tamil language (L1) appears as the Local Language.
23. Verify English language (L2) appears as the National Language.
24. Click the OK button.
25. Verify the Settings dialog closes.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Verify 'One Language' is selected by default in the bloom toolbar.
6. Click the 'Inside Front Cover' page.
7. Enter 'My name is Sunshine, and I have the best friend in the whole world. Her name is Reeva, and she’s a shiny blue bike. Together, we travel all over the world!' in the page.
8. Click the 'Inside Back Cover' page.
9. Enter  'My name is Sunshine, and I have the best friend in the whole world. Her name is Reeva, and she’s a shiny blue bike. Together, we travel all over the world!' in the page.
10. Click the 'Outside Back Cover' page.
11. Enter 'My name is Sunshine, and I have the best friend in the whole world. Her name is Reeva, and she’s a shiny blue bike. Together, we travel all over the world!' on the page.
12. Click the Publish tab.
13. Click the BloomPUB button.
14. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
15. Click the PREVIEW button.
16. Navigate to all pages.
17. Verify the Inside Front Cover page shows the L2 (ie., English) content.
18. Verify the Inside Back Cover page shows the L2 (ie., English) content.
19. Verify the Outside Back Cover page shows the L2 (ie., English) content.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic Book.
2. Close Bloom application.
