---
id: 163
title: "Bulk Upload Quick Test"
description: "(216) Bulk Upload Quick Test"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-10-13
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted
10. Download Bulk Upload Quick Test.zip file from the given link: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1z0f7PdQywE8azia4qeEvRsU5v3doHM4O into Downloads folder.
11. Unzip the file.
12. Copy the Bulk Upload Quick Test folder.
13. Paste it into the Bloom Folder. (eg., C:\Users\UserName\Documents\Bloom)
14. Double click on the Bulk Upload Quick Test Folder.
15. Verify .Bloom Book Collection file appears.
16. Double click on Bulk Upload Quick Test.Bloom Book Collection file
17. Verify the book collection opens in the Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Settings button.
2. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
3. Click the Book Making tab.
4. Select Traditional under Front/Back Matter Pack.
5. Click the Bloom Library Bookshelf drop down.
6. Select 'test-bookshelf-1'.
7. Click the Restart button.
8. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
9. Click 'Bulk Upload Book 2' book thumbnail. (or any books)
10. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
11. Click the Publish tab.
12. Click the Web button.
13. Verify Publish to Web page opens.
14. Check all the three checkboxes under Agreements.
15. Select the Visibility (Draft) Check box.
16. Click 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
17. Verify it opens the Sign In / Sign Up dialog.
18. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
19. Enter the registered email (with bloom) in the Email text box. (eg., shawn@eth.net)
20. Click the Next button.
21. Enter valid password in the password text box.
22. Click the Sign In button.
23. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button appears on the Publish to Web view.
24. Click 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' drop down list.
25. Select ‘UPLOAD THIS COLLECTION “ button.
26. Click the ‘UPLOAD THIS COLLECTION’ button.
27. Wait for a few seconds.
28. Verify the updated 4 books that have changed.
29. Skipped 0 books that had not changed appeared in the command prompt dialog.
30. Click the Collections tab.
31. Verify the Collections view appears.
32. Click the ” Bulk Upload Book 1” book.
33. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
34. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
35. Click Page 3 thumbnail.
36. Enter 'Test' in the text pane.
37. Click the Publish tab.
38. Click the Web button.
39. Verify Publish to Web page opens.
40. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button appears on the Publish to Web view.
41. Click 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' drop down list.
42. Select ‘UPLOAD THIS COLLECTION “ button.
43. Click the ‘UPLOAD THIS COLLECTION’ button.
44. Wait for a few seconds.
45. Verify “1 book updated’ message appears in the command prompt dialog.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Bulk Upload Quick Test Book collection.
3. Close Bloom application.
