---
id: 164
title: "Bulk Upload with different bookshelves"
description: "(217) Bulk Upload with different bookshelves"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-10-14
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted
10. Download Bulk Upload Quick Test.zip file from the given link: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1z0f7PdQywE8azia4qeEvRsU5v3doHM4O into Downloads folder.
11. Unzip the file.
12. Copy the Bulk Upload Quick Test folder.
13. Paste it into the Bloom Folder. (eg., C:\Users\UserName\Documents\Bloom)
14. Double click on the Bulk Upload Quick Test Folder.
15. Verify .Bloom Book Collection file appears.
16. Double click on Bulk Upload Quick Test.Bloom Book Collection file
17. Verify the book collection opens in the Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Settings button.
2. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
3. Click the Book Making tab.
4. Select Traditional under Front/Back Matter Pack. (if it is not selected)
5. Click the Bloom Library Bookshelf drop down.
6. Select 'test-bookshelf-2'.
7. Click the Restart button.
8. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
9. Click 'Bulk Upload Book 2' book thumbnail. (or any books)
10. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
11. Click the Publish tab.
12. Click the Web button.
13. Verify Publish to Web page opens.
14. Check all the three checkboxes under Agreements.
15. Select the Visibility (Draft) Check box.
16. Click 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
17. Verify it opens the Sign In / Sign Up dialog.
18. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
19. Enter the registered email (with bloom) in the Email text box. (eg., shawn@eth.net)
20. Click the Next button.
21. Enter valid password in the password text box.
22. Click the Sign In button.
23. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button appears on the Publish to Web view.
24. Click 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' drop down list.
25. Select ‘UPLOAD THIS COLLECTION “ button.
26. Click the ‘UPLOAD THIS COLLECTION’ button.
27. Wait for a few seconds.
28. Verify 4 book updated message appears on the command prompt dialog.
29. Verify  that a message like “Skipped 0 books” appeared in the command prompt dialog.
30. Click the Collections tab.
31. Verify the Collections view appears.
32. Click the Settings button.
33. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
34. Click the Book Making tab.
35. Select Traditional under Front/Back Matter Pack.
36. Click the Bloom Library Bookshelf drop down.
37. Select 'test-bookshelf-1'.
38. Click the Restart button.
39. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
40. Click the Publish tab.
41. Click the Web button.
42. Verify Publish to Web view appears.
43. Click 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
44. Verify an already signup page appears in dev.bloomlibrary.org.
45. Close the browser window.
46. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button appears.
47. Click 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' drop down list.
48. Select ‘UPLOAD THIS COLLECTION “ button.
49. Click the ‘UPLOAD THIS COLLECTION’ button.
50. Wait for a few seconds.
51. Verify that an updated message appears on the command prompt dialog.
52. Enter https://dev.bloomlibrary.org/test-bookshelf-1 in the browser window.
53. Verify the uploaded books should have the new bookshelf.
54. Click the Collections tab.
55. Verify the Collections view appears.
56. Click the Settings button.
57. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
58. Click the Book Making tab.
59. Select SIL-PNG under Front/Back Matter Pack
60. Select test-bookshelf-2 under Bloom Library Bookshelf.
61. Click the Restart button.
62. Click the Publish tab.
63. Click the Web button.
64. Verify Publish to Web view appears.
65. Click 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
66. Verify an already signup page appears in dev.bloomlibrary.org.
67. Close the browser window.
68. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button appears.
69. Click 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' drop down list.
70. Select ‘UPLOAD THIS COLLECTION “ button.
71. Click the ‘UPLOAD THIS COLLECTION’ button.
72. Wait for a few seconds.
73. Verify that an updated message appears on the command prompt dialog.
74. Enter https://dev.bloomlibrary.org/test-bookshelf-2 in the browser window.
75. Verify all the uploaded books should reflect the new branding / bookshelf.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription Code.
2. Delete the Bulk Upload Quick Test Book collection.
3. Close Bloom application.
