---
id: 165
title: "Bulk upload with no bookshelf"
description: "(218)Bulk upload with no bookshelf"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-10-14
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download Bulk Upload Quick Test.zip file from the given link: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1z0f7PdQywE8azia4qeEvRsU5v3doHM4O into Downloads folder.
2. Unzip the file.
3. Copy the Bulk Upload Quick Test folder.
4. Paste it into the Bloom Folder. (eg., C:\Users\UserName\Documents\Bloom)
5. Double click on the Bulk Upload Quick Test Folder.
6. Verify .Bloom Book Collection file appears.
7. Double click on Bulk Upload Quick Test.Bloom Book Collection file
8. Verify the book collection opens in the Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Settings button.
2. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
3. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
4. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
5. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
6. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
7. Click the Restart button.
8. Verify Bloom gets restarted
9. Click the Settings button.
10. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
11. Click the Book Making tab.
12. Select Traditional under Front/Back Matter Pack. (if it is not selected)
13. Click the Bloom Library Bookshelf drop down.
14. Select 'None'. (if it is not selected)
15. Click the Restart button.
16. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
17. Click the Publish tab.
18. Click the Web button.
19. Verify Publish to Web view appears.
20. Click 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
21. Verify an already signup page appears in dev.bloomlibrary.org.
22. Close the browser window.
23. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button appears.
24. Click 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' drop down list.
25. Select ‘UPLOAD THIS COLLECTION “ button.
26. Click the ‘UPLOAD THIS COLLECTION’ button.
27. Wait for a few seconds.
28. Verify an error message "Before sending all of your books to BloomLibrary.org, you probably want to tell Bloom which bookshelf this collection belongs in. Please, go to Collection Tab: Settings : Book Making and set the "Bloom Library Bookshelf" " appear on the page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription Code.
2. Delete the Bulk Upload Quick Test Book collection.
3. Close Bloom application.
