---
id: 166
title: "Collision ID Dialogue"
description: "(219) Test with Collision ID Dialogue"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-10-14
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click "The Moon and the Cap" Shell book under Sample Shells.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
4. Click the Credits Page.
5. Click Needs Copyright button in the Credits Page.
6. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
7. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder name box.
8. Click the OK button.
9. Click the Publish tab.
10. Click the Web button.
11. Verify Publish to Web view opens.
12. Check all the three checkboxes under Agreements.
13. Select the Visibility (Draft) Check box.
14. Click 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
15. Verify it opens the Sign In / Sign Up dialog.
16. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
17. Enter the registered email (with bloom) in the Email text box. (eg., shawn@eth.net)
18. Click the Next button.
19. Enter valid password in the password text box.
20. Click the Sign In button.
21. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button appears on the Publish to Web view.
22. Click 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button
23. Wait for a few seconds.
24. Click VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button.
25. Verify the book opens in the blorg. (ie., dev.bloomlibrary.org).
26. Verify the Draft stamp appears on the page.
27. Click the Close button.
28. Verify the browser window closes.
29. Click the Edit tab in Bloom.
30. Click the Front Cover page.
31. Delete 'The Moon and the Cap' title from the title box.
32. Enter 'A Boy with the Cap' in the title box.
33. Click the Publish tab.
34. Click the Web button.
35. Verify Publish to Web view opens.
36. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button appears on the Publish to Web view.
37. Click 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button
38. Verify "Is this an update" Collision ID dialog box appears.
39. Verify a message 'You have permission to modify this book' appear.
40. Select the "Yes, I want to update this book" button.
41. Click the UPLOAD button.
42. Verify Upload Progress message appears.
43. Wait for a few seconds.
44. Click VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button.
45. Verify the book opens in the blorg. (ie., dev.bloomlibrary.org).
46. Verify that the new book title appears on Bloom library.
47. Click the Close button.
48. Verify the browser window closes.
49. Click the Edit tab in Bloom.
50. Click the Front Cover page.
51. Delete 'A Boy with the Cap' title from the title box.
52. Enter 'The Boy and the Moon' in the title box.
53. Click the Publish tab.
54. Click the Web button.
55. Verify Publish to Web view opens.
56. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button appears on the Publish to Web view.
57. Click 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button
58. Verify "Is this an update" Collision ID dialog box appears.
59. Verify a message 'You have permission to modify this book' appear.
60. Select 'No, these are different books' radio button.
61. Click the UPLOAD button.
62. Verify Upload Progress message appears.
63. Wait for a few seconds.
64. Click VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button.
65. Verify the book opens in the blorg. (ie., dev.bloomlibrary.org).
66. Verify that the new book title appears on Bloom library.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Shell book.
3. Close Bloom application.
