---
id: 167
title: "Check front cover image after re-upload a book"
description: "(220) Check front cover image after re-upload a book"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-10-08
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the “Basic Book” option under the “Templates” area.
2. Verify that the  “Basic Book” template is displayed in the "Right pane".
3. Click the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify it opens in the "Edit" mode.
5. Click the Front cover page
6. Verify that the Front cover page preview opens in the right pane
7. Enter "Test Book" in the Book Title field
8. Click on the 'Credits Page' in the Pages section
9. Verify that the Credits Page' preview opens in the right pane
10. Click the “Click to Edit Copyright & License” option.
11. Verify that the “Copyright & License” dialog box opens.
12. Type “Tester” in the “Copyright Holder” field.
13. Click the "OK" button
14. Verify that the “Copyright & License” dialog box closes
15. Click the Publish tab
16. Click the "Web" option from the left pane
17. Verify that the "Publish to Web" page opens in the right pane
18. Select all the checkboxes in the "Agreements" step
19. Verify that the Upload step is enabled with the button 'Sign in or sign up to BloomLibrary.org'
20. Click the 'Sign in or sign up to BloomLibrary.org' button
21. Verify that the Bloomlibrary.org sign in page opens in the browser
22. Sign in to Bloomlibrary.org
23. Verify that the bloom application opens after the successful sign in
24. Verify that the 'Upload Book' button appears under the 'Upload' step
25. Click the 'Upload book' button
26. Verify that the 'Upload Progress' message appears
27. Verify that the message 'Finished' appears
28. Verify that the 'Your Book on BloomLibrary.org' step is enabled with the 'View on bloom library' button
29. Click the 'View on bloom library' button
30. Verify the book opens in the bloomlibrary.org site
31. Switch back to Bloom application
32. Click on the Edit tab
33. Click the Front cover page from the pages section
34. Hover the mouse over the picture pane
35. Verify that the "Change Image" button is displayed
36. Click the "Change Image" button on the Picture pane
37. Verify that the "Image Toolbox" appears
38. Click on the search input under "Image Galleries"
39. Type "Car" on the search input
40. Click on the "Search" button
41. Verify that the search results are listed below the search input
42. Select an image from the search results
43. Click on the OK button in the "Image Toolbox"
44. Verify that the Car image is added to the page
45. Click the Publish tab
46. Click the "Web" option from the left pane
47. Verify that the "Publish to Web" page opens in the right pane
48. Click the 'Upload book' button
49. Verify that a Collision dialog appears with a message 'Is this an update of your existing book?"
50. Verify the thumbnail on the right-hand side should be the current picture

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the basic book.
2. Close Bloom application.
