---
id: 168
title: "Upload ID collision dialog should show sign language name for \"uploading\" section"
description: "(221) Upload ID collision dialog should show sign language name for \"uploading\" section"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-10-14
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Connect the Webcam to the computer.
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click 'Set' link button under Sign Language (Optional)
5. Verify Choose Language dialog opens.
6. Type 'sign' near Search box.
7. Press the Enter key.
8. Click 'American Sign Language' from the languages pane.
9. Click the OK button.
10. Click the Restart button.
11. Verify the bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Sign language book under Specialized Templates.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify it opens in the edit mode.
4. Enter 'SL Book' in the Front cover title box.
5. Click the Credits Page.
6. Click Needs Copyright button.
7. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
8. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder name box.
9. Click the Add Page button.
10. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
11. Click Just Video book.
12. Verify the template gets selected.
13. Click the Add Page button.
14. Verify the page is added in the Edit view.
15. Verify 'Use your cameras' toast message appears.
16. Click the 'Allow' button.
17. Verify the Webcam is on.
18. Click the Record button.
19. Verify the recording started.
20. Wait for a few seconds.
21. Click the Stop recording button.
22. Click the Publish tab.
23. Click the Web button.
24. Verify Publish to Web view opens.
25. Verify Sign Language feature is ticked under Features heading.
26. Check all the three checkboxes under Agreements.
27. Select the Visibility (Draft) Check box.
28. Click 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
29. Verify it opens the Sign In / Sign Up dialog.
30. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
31. Enter the registered email (with bloom) in the Email text box. (eg., shawn@eth.net)
32. Click the Next button.
33. Enter valid password in the password text box.
34. Click the Sign In button.
35. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button appears on the Publish to Web view.
36. Click 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button
37. Wait for a few seconds.
38. Click VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button.
39. Verify the book opens in the blorg. (ie., dev.bloomlibrary.org).
40. Click the Close button.
41. Verify the browser window closes.
42. Click the Edit tab in Bloom.
43. Click the Front Cover page.
44. Delete 'SL Book' title from the title box.
45. Enter 'Sign Language Book' in the title box.
46. Click the Publish tab.
47. Click the Web button.
48. Verify Publish to Web view opens.
49. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button appears on the Publish to Web view.
50. Click 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button
51. Verify "Is this an update" Collision ID dialog box appears.
52. Verify a message 'You have permission to modify this book' appear.
53. Verify 'American Sign Language' appears in both the boxes. (ie., in Already in Bloom Library and Uploading boxes)
54. Select the "Yes, I want to update this book" button.
55. Click the UPLOAD button.
56. Verify Upload Progress message appears.
57. Wait for a few seconds.
58. Click VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button.
59. Verify the book opens in the blorg. (ie., dev.bloomlibrary.org).

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Disconnect the webcam from the computer.
2. Delete the Subscription code.
3. Delete the Sign Language book.
4. Close Bloom application.
