---
id: 169
title: "New line in title not recognized in book detail page"
description: "(222)New line in title not recognized in book detail page"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-10-08
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the “Basic Book” option under the “Templates” area.
2. Verify that the  “Basic Book” template is displayed in the "Right pane".
3. Click the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify it opens in the "Edit" mode.
5. Click the Front cover page
6. Verify that the Front cover page preview opens in the right pane
7. Enter "TapRead and WriteBritish English" in the Book Title field
8. Click between the words ‘Tap’ and ‘Read’
9. Press Shift + Enter keys
10. Verify that the word 'Read' moves to the next line
11. Click between the words ‘Write’ and ‘British’
12. Press Shift + Enter keys
13. Verify that the word 'British' moves to the next line
14. Click on the 'Credits Page' in the Pages section
15. Verify that the Credits Page' preview opens in the right pane
16. Click the “Click to Edit Copyright & License” option.
17. Verify that the “Copyright & License” dialog box opens.
18. Type “Tester” in the “Copyright Holder” field.
19. Click the "OK" button
20. Verify that the “Copyright & License” dialog box closes
21. Click the Publish tab
22. Click the "Web" option from the left pane
23. Verify that the "Publish to Web" page opens in the right pane
24. Select all the checkboxes in the "Agreements" step
25. Verify that the Upload step is enabled with the button 'Sign in or sign up to BloomLibrary.org'
26. Click the 'Sign in or sign up to BloomLibrary.org' button
27. Verify that the Bloomlibrary.org sign in page opens in the browser
28. Sign in to Bloomlibrary.org
29. Verify that the bloom application opens after the successful sign in
30. Verify that the 'Upload Book' button appears under the 'Upload' step
31. Click the 'Upload book' button
32. Verify that the 'Upload Progress' message appears
33. Verify that the message 'Finished' appears
34. Verify that the 'Your Book on BloomLibrary.org' step is enabled with the 'View on bloom library' button
35. Click the 'View on bloom library' button
36. Verify the book opens in the bloomlibrary.org site
37. Verify the Book title should displays as "Tap Read and Write British English"
38. Click the READ button
39. Verify the book title should appear as "Tap Read and Write British English"

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the basic book.
2. Close Bloom application.
