---
id: 17
title: "BloomPUB Viewer"
description: "Test case for BloomPUB Viewer"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-04
last-modified: 2025-08-11
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Enter https://bloomlibrary.org/page/resources/page/bloompub-viewer in the browser window.
2. Verify BloomPUB Viewer page opens.
3. Click the 'DOWNLOAD BLOOMPUB VIEWER' button.
4. Verify BloomPUB-Viewer-Setup-X.exe file is downloaded in the Downloads folder. (eg., C:\Users\UserName\Downloads)
5. Double click on BloomPUB-Viewer-Setup-X.exe file.
6. Verify BloomPUB Viewer Setup dialog flashes on the screen.
7. Verify BloomPUB is installed and opened on the desktop.
8. Click the Close button.
9. Verify the BloomPUB Viewer closes.
10. Enter "https://bloomlibrary.org/" in the browser window.
11. Verify the bloomlibrary.org site opens.
12. Click the 'English' Book container.
13. Verify the English books page opens.
14. Click 'The Lord is My Shepherd' book. (Or click any other books)
15. Verify the book opens in the bloomlibrary.org.
16. Click 'BloomPUB' button under the Download heading.
17. Verify the BloomPUB file is downloaded in the Downloads Folder.
18. Launch BloomPUB Viewer application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click Choose BloomPUB book on this computer to open a BloomPUB file.
2. Verify Open BloomPUB File dialog opens.
3. Click on 'B1 The Lord is My Shepherd- A5' BLOOMPUB file.
4. Click the Open button.
5. Verify the book opens in the BloomPUB Viewer X .
6. Click on the Forward arrow button.
7. Verify the page moves to the Next page.
8. Click on the Backward arrow button.
9. Verify the page moves to the Previous page.
10. Click and drag the page slider.
11. Verify the page and go to the Next page.
12. Click the Close button.
13. Verify the BloomPUB Viewer closes.
14. Enter 'BloomPUB Viewer' in the Windows Search bar.
15. Verify the BloomPUB View App option appears.
16. Click on the BloomPUB Viewer App option.
17. Verify the BloomPUB Viewer X application opens.
18. Click Get BloomPUB books on BloomLibrary.org
19. Verify the bloomlibrary.org page opens. (eg., it opens https://bloomlibrary.org/ page)
20. Click on the English book Container.
21. Click '07- Listen' Audio Book.
22. Verify the Book opens in the bloomlibrary site. (eg.,https://bloomlibrary.org/language:en/book/vkvCvKUvXU?lang=en)
23. Click the BloomPUB icon under the Download heading.
24. Verify the BLOOMPUB file is downloaded in the Downloads folder.
25. Press Windows Key+E.
26. Verify File Explorer opens.
27. Click the Downloads button.
28. Verify the Downloads folder opens.
29. Verify the downloads BloomPUB file appears. (eg., 07 - Piyatọn)
30. Double click on the BloomPUB file.
31. Verify the book opens in the BloomPUB viewer.
32. Click the globe key button.
33. Verify the Language Chooser dialog opens.
34. Click the 'English' radio button.
35. Verify the Book title appears only in English.
36. Verify the audio 'Listen' will be played on the headphone. (or speaker.
37. Verify the 'Pause' button appears next to the globe key.
38. Click the "..." More button which appears at the top left corner of the window.
39. Verify the BloomPUB Viewer's Index page opens.
40. Verify recently added books appear under Recent Books heading.
41. Click the Close button.
42. Verify the BloomPUB application Closes.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete B1 The Lord is My Shepherd- A5 BloomPUB File.
2. Delete 07- Listen (or 07 - Piyatọn) BloomPUB file.
3. Uninstall BloomPUB Viewer.
