---
id: 170
title: "Secure S3 upload method"
description: "(223) Secure S3 upload method"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-10-22
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download Sample.mp3 file into Downloads folder.
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click 'The Moon and the Cap' Shell book under Sample Shells.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
4. Click the Credits page.
5. Click Needs Copyright button.
6. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
7. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder name.
8. Click the OK button.
9. Click the Publish tab.
10. Click the Web button.
11. Verify Publish to Web view opens.
12. Select 'Draft' checkbox.
13. Check all the three checkboxes under Agreements.
14. Select the Visibility (Draft) Check box.
15. Click 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
16. Verify it opens the Sign In / Sign Up dialog.
17. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
18. Enter the registered email (with bloom) in the Email text box. (eg., shawn@eth.net)
19. Click the Next button.
20. Enter valid password in the password text box.
21. Click the Sign In button.
22. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button appears on the Publish to Web view.
23. Click the 'UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button.
24. Wait for a few seconds.
25. Click the 'VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY' button.
26. Verify the book opens in the blorg.
27. Wait for a few seconds.
28. Press the F5 key to refresh the page.
29. Verify the READ button appears.
30. Click the READ page button.
31. Verify the book opens in the Bloom Player.
32. Navigate to all pages.
33. Verify all the pages appear correctly.
34. Minimize the blorg site.
35. Click the Edit tab in the Bloom application.
36. Click the Add Page button.
37. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
38. Select 'Just Text' template.
39. Click the Add Page button.
40. Verify the page is added.
41. Click the Publish tab.
42. Click the Web button.
43. Verify Publish to Web view opens.
44. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button appears on the Publish to Web view.
45. Click the 'UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button.
46. Wait for a few seconds.
47. Verify a Collision ID dialog appears on the screen.
48. Click the Cancel button.
49. Verify Collision ID dialog closes.
50. Maximize the blorg site.
51. Press F5 to refresh the page.
52. Click the READ button.
53. Verify all the pages appear correctly.
54. Minimize the Blorg.
55. Open Bloom application.
56. Click the Edit tab.
57. Click Page 4.
58. Click on the Change Image button on the picture pane.
59. Verify the Image Toolbox opens.
60. Click the Image Galleries button.
61. Type 'Car' in the Search bar.
62. Press the Search bar key.
63. Verify many car images appear on the preview pane.
64. Select any one of the car images.
65. Click the OK button.
66. Verify the existing image is changed to Car image.
67. Click the Publish tab.
68. Click the Web button.
69. Verify Publish to Web view opens.
70. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button appears on the Publish to Web view.
71. Click the 'UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button.
72. Wait for a few seconds.
73. Verify a Collision ID dialog appears on the screen.
74. Click the 'Yes, I want to update this book' radio button.
75. Click the UPLOAD button.
76. Wait for a few seconds.
77. Click the 'VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY' button.
78. Verify the book opens in the blorg.
79. Wait for a few seconds.
80. Press the F5 key to refresh the page.
81. Verify the READ button appears.
82. Click the READ page button.
83. Verify the book opens in the Bloom Player.
84. Navigate to Page 4 (where we changed the image).
85. Verify the changed image appears correctly.
86. Close the Bloom player.
87. Minimize the Blorg site.
88. Click the Edit tab in the Bloom application.
89. Select Page 5. (or any page with content).
90. Click the Hamburger button.
91. Verify the TBT menu opens.
92. Verify the text gets highlighted.
93. Click the Advanced button under the TBT menu.
94. Click the Import Recording button.
95. Verify 'Choose Audio File' dialog box opens.
96. Click the Downloads option from the left pane.
97. Select the Sample.mp3 file
98. Click the Open button.
99. Verify the 4)Check button is enabled.
100. Click the 4)Check button.
101. Verify the audio plays.
102. Click the Publish tab.
103. Click the Web button.
104. Verify Publish to Web view opens.
105. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button appears on the Publish to Web view.
106. Click the 'UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button.
107. Wait for a few seconds.
108. Verify a Collision ID dialog appears on the screen.
109. Click the 'Yes, I want to update this book' radio button.
110. Click the UPLOAD button.
111. Wait for a few seconds.
112. Click the 'VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY' button.
113. Verify the book opens in the blorg.
114. Wait for a few seconds.
115. Press the F5 key to refresh the page.
116. Verify the READ button appears.
117. Click the READ page button.
118. Verify the book opens in the Bloom Player.
119. Navigate to Page 5 (where we inserted an audio).
120. Verify the audio plays.
121. Click the Back button of the Browser window.
122. Verify the book Home page opens.
123. Click the 'DOWNLOAD INTO BLOOM FOR EDITING' button.
124. Verify the book opens in the Bloom application.
125. Verify the DRAFT stamp appears on the Book thumbnail.
126. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
127. Verify all the pages appear correctly on the edit view.
128. Click the Close button.
129. Verify Bloom closes.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Sample.mp3 file.
3. Delete ‘The Moon and the Cap’ book.
4. Close Bloom application.
