---
id: 171
title: "Publish a book with no copyright and no title"
description: "(224) Publish a book with no copyright and no title"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-09
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic Book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears on the preview pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
5. Click the Add page button.
6. Verify the Add page dialog opens.
7. Select 'Just a Picture' template under Basic Pages.
8. Click the Add page button.
9. Verify the Just a Picture page is added.
10. Hover the mouse over the picture page.
11. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
12. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
13. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
14. Press the Enter key.
15. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
16. Click any of the Car images.
17. Click the OK button.
18. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
19. Click the Publish tab.
20. Click the Web button.
21. Verify Missing Title warning message appears under Confirm Metadata.
22. Verify Missing Copyright warning message appears under Confirm Metadata.
23. Click the 'Click to fix' link button under the Missing Title banner.
24. Verify the Front cover page opens.
25. Click on the Title box.
26. Type 'Test Book'.
27. Click the Publish tab.
28. Click the Web button.
29. Verify Test Book appears under Confirm Metadata.
30. Click the 'Click to fix' link button under the Missing Copyright banner.
31. Verify the Copyright and License dialog opens.
32. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
33. Click the OK button.
34. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
35. Verify all the three check boxes appear under Agreements field.
36. Click all the three check boxes.
37. Verify 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button gets enabled.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Basic book.
3. Close Bloom application.
