---
id: 172
title: "Make page with Multiple text boxes, (TBT)"
description: "(478) Make page with Multiple text boxes, (TBT)"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-09
---

# Steps

**Setup**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the “Basic Book” under the “Templates” area.
2. Verify that the  “Basic Book” template is displayed in the "Right pane".
3. Click the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify it opens in the "Edit" mode.
5. Verify that the "Front Cover" page from the "Pages" section selected by default
6. Verify that the “Front Cover” page layout is displayed on the right side
7. Click on the "Book Title" textbox in the "Front Cover" page
8. Type the title as "Test"
9. Click on the "Add Page" button from the "Pages" section
10. Verify that the "Add Page..." dialog opens
11. Select the "Basic Text & Picture" template from the "Basic Pages"
12. Click the "ADD PAGE" button
13. Verify that Page 1 is added under the Pages section on the left side
14. Verify that the layout of Page 1 is displayed on the right side
15. Click the Hamburger menu from the top right corner
16. Verify that the "Talking Book Tool" appears
17. Click inside the "Textbox" in the Page "1" layout
18. Type the sentence "Text Box 1: Test Talking Book Tool"
19. Verify the the sentence "Text Box 1: Test Talking Book Tool" is highlighted
20. Switch on the "Change Layout" toggle button above page "1"
21. Verify that the "Text Box" pane appeared on the page "1"
22. Hover the mouse over the Text Box pane
23. Verify the + buttons appears on the Text box
24. Click on the + button
25. Verify that the “Picture, Video, or Text” options appear
26. Click on the "Text" Option
27. Verify that the new "Text Box" added on the Page 1 layout
28. Switch off the "Change Layout" toggle button above page "1"
29. Click on the newly added Textbox in the Page 1 layout
30. Type the sentence "Text Box 2: Test Talking Book Tool"
31. Verify the the sentence "Text Box 2: Test Talking Book Tool" is highlighted

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic book.
2. Close the Bloom application.
