---
id: 174
title: "Re-record using Talking Book Tool"
description: "(480) Re-record using Talking Book Tool"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-09
---

# Steps

**Setup**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click on the "Basic Book" Template from the Sources For New Book pane.
2. Verify that the "Basic Book" preview appears on the Right side pane.
3. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify that the “Basic Book” Edit Pane appears.
5. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left of the page.
6. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed.
7. Select the “Picture & Word” page under the “Basic Pages” option.
8. Click the “ADD PAGE” button.
9. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is closed.
10. Verify that the new page is displayed.
11. Click the Hamburger menu from the top right corner.
12. Verify the Talking Book Tool appears.
13. Click on the Text box from Page 1.
14. Type "Test Talking Book Tool".
15. Verify that the text is highlighted.
16. Click and hold the “Speak” button.
17. Record "Test1 Talking Book Tool".
18. Release the Speak button.
19. Verify the “Check” button becomes enabled.
20. Click on the “Check” button.
21. Verify it plays back what you just recorded.
22. Click and Hold the “Speak" button.
23. Record "Test 2 Talking Book Tool".
24. Release the Speak button.
25. Verify the Check button becomes enabled.
26. Click on the “Check” button.
27. Verify it plays back what you just recorded.
28. Click and Hold the “Speak” button.
29. Record "Test 3 Talking Book Tool".
30. Release the Speak button.
31. Verify the Check button becomes enabled.
32. Click on the “Check” button.
33. Verify it plays back what you just recorded.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the basic book.
2. Close the Bloom application.
