---
id: 175
title: "Check normal clicks are not getting into recording"
description: "(481) Check normal clicks are not getting into recording Put your microphone next to your mouse, then do several recordings. Confirm that clicks are not getting into the recording."
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-10-17
---

# Steps

**Setup**

1. Connect the Headphone with a Microphone to the Computer.
2. Launch Bloom application
3. Click the Settings button.
4. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
5. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
6. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
7. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
8. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
9. Click the Restart button.
10. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click on the "Basic Book" Template from the Sources For New Book pane.
2. Verify the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button appears on the Right side pane.
3. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify the Edit Pane appears.
5. Click on the Front Cover page from the Edit pane.
6. Verify the Front Cover page appears as Layout on the Right side.
7. Click on the Text box from the right side Layout.
8. Type Title as Test.
9. Click on the "Add Page" button.
10. Verify the "Add Page..." dialog appears.
11. Select the ‘Just a Text’ Template under Basic Pages.
12. Click the Add Page button.
13. Verify the ‘Just a Text’ page is added.
14. Enter ‘A hungry fox once looked everywhere for food.’ in the text box.
15. Press the Enter key.
16. Verify the Cursor moves to the new line.
17. Enter ‘He couldn’t find anything until he stumbled upon a farmer’s wall. He saw big, purple, juicy grapes.’
18. Press the Enter key.
20. Verify the Cursor moves to the new line.
21. Enter ‘A farmer had a goose that laid one golden egg a day.’ in the text box.
22. Press the Enter key.
23. Click the Hamburger menu from the top right corner.
24. Verify the Talking Book Tool appears.
25. Verify the first sentence gets selected and highlighted.
26. Click and Hold the Speak button.
27. Record "A hungry fox once looked everywhere for food."
28. Release the Speak button.
29. Verify the Check button becomes enabled.
30. Click the Check button.
31. Verify that mouse clicks are not recorded .
32. Click on the next Sentence.
33. Verify the next sentence ‘He couldn’t find anything until he stumbled upon a farmer’s wall.’  gets selected and highlighted.
34. Click and Hold the Speak button.
35. Record ‘‘He couldn’t find anything until he stumbled upon a farmer’s wall.’
36. Release the Speak button.
37. Verify the Check button is enabled.
38. Click the Check button.
39. Verify that mouse clicks are not recorded .
40. Click on the next Sentence.
41. Verify the next sentence ‘He saw big, purple, juicy grapes’  gets selected and highlighted.
42. Click and Hold the Speak button.
43. Record ‘‘He saw big, purple, juicy grapes.’
44. Release the Speak button.
45. Verify the Check button is enabled.
46. Click the Check button.
47. Verify that mouse clicks are not recorded .
48. Click on the next Sentence.
49. Verify the next sentence ‘A farmer had a goose that laid one golden egg a day’  gets selected and highlighted.
50. Click and Hold the Speak button.
51. Record ‘‘A farmer had a goose that laid one golden egg a day.’
52. Release the Speak button.
53. Verify the Check button is enabled.
54. Click the Check button.
55. Verify that mouse clicks are not recorded .

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the basic book.
3. Disconnect the Headphone with a Microphone.
4. Close the Bloom application.
