---
id: 176
title: "Check whether the start and end of your vocalization is not getting cut off"
description: "(482) Check whether the start and end of your vocalization is not getting cut off Confirm that the start and end of your vocalization is not getting cut off. (it's difficult for us to do this *and* not record mouse clicks, but that's the goal)"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-10-08
---

# Steps

**Setup steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click on the "Basic Book" Template from the Sources For New Book pane
2. Verify that the  “Basic Book” template is displayed in the "Right pane"
3. Click the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button
4. Verify that the book opens in the "Edit" mode
5. Click the Front cover page from the Pages section
6. Verify that the Front cover page preview opens in the right pane
7. Click on the "Book Title" field
8. Type Title as Test
9. Click on the "Add Page +" button in the pages section
10. Verify that the "Add Page..." dialog appears
11. Select the "Basic Text & Picture" template from the Basic Pages section
12. Click the ADD PAGE button
13. Verify that the "Add Page..." dialog closes
14. Verify that the Page "1" added to the Pages in the left side
15. Click on the Page "1"
16. Verify that the Page 1 layout is displayed on the right side
17. Click the Hamburger menu from top right corner
18. Verify that the 'Talking Book Tool' appears
19. Click the Text box from the Page 1 layout
20. Type the sentence "Text Box 1: Test Talking Book Tool"
21. Verify the the sentence "Text Box 1: Test Talking Book Tool" is highlighted
22. Click and Hold the 'Speak' button in the 'Talking Book Tool'
23. Record "Text Box 1: Test Talking Book Tool"
24. Release the Speak button.
25. Verify that the Check button becomes enabled.
26. Click on the Check button
27. Verify that the audio recording plays
28. Verify that the start and end of your voice are not interrupted
29. Verify that the mouse clicks are not being captured in the recording

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the basic book.
2. Close the Bloom application.
