---
id: 177
title: "Record with Advanced options"
description: "(483,484,485) Record with Advanced options"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-11
---

# Steps

**Setup steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click on the "Basic Book" Template from the Sources For New Book pane.
2. Verify the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button appears on the Right side pane.
3. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify the Book displays in the Edit Mode.
5. Click on the Front Cover page from the Edit pane.
6. Verify the Front Cover page appears as Layout on the Right side.
7. Click on the Title box from the Front Cover page.
8. Type Title as Test.
9. Click on the "Add Page +" button.
10. Verify the "Add Page..." dialog appears.
11. Select the Basic Text & Picture Template.
12. Click the ADD PAGE button.
13. Verify the Page "1" added to the Pages in the left side.
14. Click on the Page "1".
15. Verify Page 1 layout is displayed on the right side to Edit.
16. Click the Hamburger menu from the top right corner.
17. Verify the Talking Book Tool appears.
18. Click on the Text box from Page 1.
19. Type "Text Box 1: Test Talking Book Tool".
20. Verify the sentence "Text Box 1: Test Talking Book Tool" is highlighted.
21. Click the Advanced button from the Taking Book Tool.
22. Verify the "By Sentence" radio button selected by default from the Recording Mode.
23. Click on the "By Whole Text Box" radio button.
24. Verify the selection switch to the "By Whole Text Box" radio button.
25. Verify the Whole Text Box gets highlighted.
26. Click on the "By Sentence" radio button.
27. Verify the "By Sentence" radio button gets selected with no recording.
28. Verify the sentence "Text Box 1: Test Talking Book Tool" is highlighted.
29. Click on the "By Whole Text Box" radio button.
30. Verify the selection switch to the "By Whole Text Box" radio button.
31. Click and Hold the Speak button.
32. Record "Text Box 1: Test Talking Book Tool"
33. Release the Speak button.
34. Verify the Check button becomes enabled.
35. Click on the Check button
36. Verify that the audio recording plays.
37. Click on the "By Sentence" radio button.
38. Verify that the ‘By Sentence’ radio button is not selected with record.
39. Verify the following tooltip message appears: "if you want to change this mode, first use the clear button to remove your recording".
40. Click the Clear button.
41. Verify the Check button becomes disabled.
42. Click on the "By Sentence" radio button.
43. Verify the selection switch to the "By Sentence" radio button.
44. Verify the sentence "Text Box 1: Test Talking Book Tool" is highlighted.
45. Click and Hold the Speak button.
46. Record "Text Box 1: Test Talking Book Tool"
47. Release the Speak button.
48. Verify the Check button becomes enabled.
49. Click on the Check button
50. Verify that the audio recording plays.
51. Click on the "By Whole Text Box" radio button.
52. Verify the "By Whole Text Box" radio button gets selected with a record.
53. Verify the Whole Text Box gets highlighted.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the basic book.
2. Close the Bloom application.
