---
id: 178
title: "Talking book tool should re-parse things correctly"
description: "(486) Talking book tool should re-parse things correctly"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-09
---

# Steps

**Setups Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click on the "Basic Book" from the Templates under the Sources For New Books.
2. Verify the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button appears on the Right side pane.
3. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify the Book displays in the Edit Mode.
5. Click on the Front Cover page from the Edit pane.
6. Verify the Front Cover page appears as Layout on the Right side.
7. Click on the Book Title input from the Front Cover page.
8. Type Title as Test.
9. Click on the "Add Page" button.
10. Verify the "Add Page..." dialog appears.
11. Select the Basic Text & Picture Template.
12. Click the ADD PAGE button.
13. Verify the Page "1" added to the Pages in the left side.
14. Click on the Page "1".
15. Verify Page 1 layout is displayed on the right side.
16. Click on the Text box from the Page 1 layout.
17. Type "A boy is sitting on a stone. "His foot is wet",
18. Press Enter.
19. Type "This sentence has many text variations.".
20. Select the word This.
21. Verify the Font menu appears.
22. Click on the Bold Option.
23. Verify the word 'This' becomes Bold.
24. Select the word has.
25. Verify the Font menu appears.
26. Click on the Underline option.
27. Verify the word 'has' becomes underlined.
28. Select the word text.
29. Verify the Font menu appears.
30. Click on the Text Color option.
31. Verify the Default for Style submenu appears.
32. Select the color "Red"
33. Click on the End of the Sentence.
34. Verify the word 'text' becomes a red color.
35. Click the Hamburger menu from the top right corner.
36. Verify the Talking Book Tool appears.
37. Verify that the sentence "A boy is sitting on a stone." is re-parsed and highlighted.
38. Click the Next button.
39. Verify that the sentence "His foot is wet", is re-parsed and highlighted.
40. Click the Next button.
41. Verify that the sentence "This(in “bold”) sentence has(“underline”) many text(in red color)” is re-parsed and highlighted.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the basic book.
2. Close the Bloom application.
