---
id: 179
title: "Make text that has words that you have made bold, some with different colors"
description: "(487) Make text that has words that you have made bold, some with different colors"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-15
---

# Steps

**Setup**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click on the "Basic Book" Template from the Sources For New Books.
2. Verify the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button appears on the Right side pane.
3. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify the Basic Book opens in the Edit Mode.
5. Click on the Front Cover page from the Left pane.
6. Verify the Front Cover page displays to Edit.
7. Click on the Title Box from the Front Cover page
8. Type Title as Test.
9. Click on the "Add Page +" button.
10. Verify the "Add Page..." dialog appears.
11. Select the "Basic Text & Picture" Template.
12. Click the ADD PAGE button.
13. Verify the Page "1" added to the Pages in the left side.
14. Click on the Page "1".
15. Verify Page 1 layout is displayed on the right side.
16. Click on the Text box from the Page 1 layout.
17. Copy and Paste the following HTML Markup code:

<p>  Here is a longer sentence with <span style="color:green;">green text</span> and

<b>bold text</b> mixed in | to test sentence segmentation | and playback. </p>

<p>

A sentence with <b>nested <span style="color:purple;">markup</span></b> |

and one with no formatting at all.

</p>
18. Verify the following sentences appears on the Text Box:

"Here is a longer sentence with green text and

bold text mixed in | to test sentence segmentation | and playback.

A sentence with nested markup |

and one with no formatting at all."
19. Click the Hamburger menu from the top right corner.
20. Verify the Talking Book Tool appears.
21. Click on the Advanced button.
22. Verify the By Sentence radio button is selected by default.
23. Verify the text "Here is a longer sentence with green text and."
24. Click and Hold the Speak button.
25. Record "Here is a longer sentence with green text and."
26. Release the Speak button.
27. Verify the Check button becomes enabled.
28. Click on the Check button
29. Verify that the audio record "Here is a longer sentence with green text and." plays.
30. Click the Next button.
31. Verify the Text "bold text mixed in |" gets highlighted.
32. Click and Hold the Speak button.
33. Record "bold text mixed in |"
34. Release the Speak button.
35. Verify the Check button becomes enabled.
36. Click on the Check button.
37. Verify that the audio record "bold text mixed in |" plays.
38. Click the Next button.
39. Verify the Text "to test sentence segmentation |" gets highlighted.
40. Click and Hold the Speak button.
41. Record "to test sentence segmentation |"
42. Release the Speak button.
43. Verify the Check button becomes enabled.
44. Click on the Check button
45. Verify that the audio record "to test sentence segmentation |" plays.
46. Click the Next button.
47. Verify the Text "and playback." gets highlighted.
48. Click and Hold the Speak button.
49. Record "and playback."
50. Release the Speak button.
51. Verify the Check button becomes enabled.
52. Click on the Check button
53. Verify that the audio record "and playback." plays.
54. Click the Next button.
55. Verify the Text "A sentence with nested markup |" gets highlighted.
56. Click and Hold the Speak button.
57. Record "A sentence with nested markup |"
58. Release the Speak button.
59. Verify the Check button becomes enabled.
60. Click on the Check button
61. Verify that the audio record "A sentence with nested markup |" plays.
62. Click the Next button.
63. Verify the Text "and one with no formatting at all." gets highlighted.
64. Click and Hold the Speak button.
65. Record "and one with no formatting at all."
66. Release the Speak button.
67. Verify the Check button becomes enabled.
68. Click on the Check button
69. Verify that the audio record "and one with no formatting at all." plays.
70. Click on the "By Whole Text Box" radio button from the Advanced.
71. Verify the "By Whole Text Box" radio button is selected.
72. Verify the Whole Text box gets highlighted.
73. Click the "Listen to the whole page" button from the Talking book Tool.
74. Verify that it plays all segments sequentially.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the “Test” book.
2. Close the Bloom application.
