---
id: 18
title: "Publishing Share on the Web"
description: "Test Case for Publishing Share on the Web"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-04
last-modified: 2025-10-28
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Create a user account as Moderator User in dev.bloomlibrary.org. (All Access)
3. Create a user account as Regular in dev.bloomlibrary.org. (No Permission)
4. Create a user account as Collector (access to particular bookshelf)

**Action Steps**

1. Double click on the Chrome browser.
2. Type 'dev.bloomlibrary.org. on the browser search bar.
3. Press the Enter key.
4. Verify Bloomlibrary.org page opens.
5. Click the 'Sign In /Sign Up' button under the User account label which appears at the top right corner of the page.
6. Verify a 'Sign in / Sign up' dialog opens.
7. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
8. Verify 'Sign in with email' dialog opens.
9. Enter the email address that is used as a Moderator user.
10. Type a valid email (eg., shawn@eth.net) in the Email text box.
11. Click the Next button.
12. Type a valid password (eg., B123456@u) in the Password text box.
13. Click the 'SIGN IN' button.
14. Verify the page opens in the Moderator Library account page.
15. Click the READ tab.
16. Verify the Bloom Library Free books page opens.
17. Click the ‘English’ books container box.
18. Verify the English books page opens.
19. Click ‘The Moon and the Cap’ book thumbnail.
20. Verify the book opens on a page.
21. Verify ‘You have permission to Modify this book’  pane appears.
22. Verify ‘You have Staff permission on this book’ pane appears.
23. Click the User account label.
24. Click the Log out button.
25. Verify that you logged out from the page.
26. Double click on the Chrome browser.
27. Type 'dev.bloomlibrary.org. on the browser search bar.
28. Press the Enter key.
29. Verify Bloomlibrary.org page opens.
30. Click the 'Sign In /Sign Up' button under the User account label which appears at the top right corner of the page.
31. Verify a 'Sign in / Sign up' dialog opens.
32. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
33. Verify 'Sign in with email' dialog opens.
34. Enter the email address that is used as a Regular user.
35. Type a valid email (eg., barani@eth.net) in the Email text box.
36. Click the Next button.
37. Type a valid password (eg., B123456@u) in the Password text box.
38. Click the 'SIGN IN' button.
39. Verify the page opens in the Regular Library account page.
40. Click the READ tab.
41. Verify the Bloom Library Free books page opens.
42. Click the ‘English’ books container box.
43. Verify the English books page opens.
44. Click ‘The Moon and the Cap’ book thumbnail.
45. Verify the book opens on a page.
46. Verify you don’t have any permission to edit the book.
47. Double click on the Chrome browser.
48. Type 'dev.bloomlibrary.org. on the browser search bar.
49. Press the Enter key.
50. Verify Bloomlibrary.org page opens.
51. Click the 'Sign In /Sign Up' button under the User account label which appears at the top right corner of the page.
52. Verify a 'Sign in / Sign up' dialog opens.
53. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
54. Verify 'Sign in with email' dialog opens.
55. Enter the email address that is used as a Collector user.
56. Type a valid email (eg., Robert@eth.net) in the Email text box.
57. Click the Next button.
58. Type a valid password (eg., B123456@u) in the Password text box.
59. Click the 'SIGN IN' button.
60. Verify the page opens in the Collector Library account page.
61. Click the READ tab.
62. Verify the Bloom Library Free books page opens.
63. Click the ‘English’ books container box.
64. Verify the English books page opens.
65. Click ‘The Moon and the Cap’ book thumbnail.
66. Verify the book opens on a page.
67. Verify ‘You have permission to modify this book’ pane appears.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete Regular User account.
2. Delete Moderator User account.
3. Delete Collector User account.
4. Close the Chrome browser.
