---
id: 180
title: "Add Variety of text boxes and comic elements in a Talking Book Tool"
description: "(488) Add Variety of text boxes and comic elements in a Talking Book Tool"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-11
---

# Steps

**Setup**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click on the "Basic Book" Templates from the Sources For New Books.
2. Verify the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button appears on the Right side pane.
3. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify the Basic Book opens in the Edit Mode.
5. Click on the Front Cover page from the Left pane.
6. Verify the Front Cover page displays to Edit.
7. Click on the Title Box from the Front Cover page
8. Type Title as Test.
9. Click on the "Add Page +" button.
10. Verify the "Add Page..." dialog appears.
11. Select the Basic Text & Picture Template.
12. Click on the ADD PAGE button.
13. Verify the Page "1" added to the Pages in the left side.
14. Click on the Page "1".
15. Verify Page 1 layout appears on the right side.
16. Turn ON the Change Layout button.
17. Verify the + button appears on the Text box.
18. Click on the + button.
19. Verify the following options: Picture, Video, Text, or HTML Widgets appear.
20. Click on the Text Option.
21. Verify the new Text box added.
22. Click on the + button.
23. Verify the following options: Picture, Video, Text, or HTML Widgets appear.
24. Click on the Text Option.
25. Verify the new Text box added.
26. Verify the 3 numbers of the Text box appear on the Layout.
27. Turn OFF the Change Layout button.
28. Click on the Text box from Position 1.
29. Type "Text Box 1: Test Talking Book Tool".
30. Click on the Text box from Position 2.
31. Type "Text Box 2: Test Talking Book Tool".
32. Click on the Text box from Position 3.
33. Type "Text Box 3: Test Talking Book Tool".
34. Click on the Text box from Position 1.
35. Click the Hamburger menu from the top right corner.
36. Verify the Talking Book Tool appears.
37. Verify "Text Box 1: Test Talking Book Tool" gets highlighted.
38. Click and Hold the Speak button.
39. Record "Text Box 1: Test Talking Book Tool"
40. Release the Speak button.
41. Verify the Check button becomes enabled.
42. Click on the Check button
43. Verify that the audio recording plays.
44. Click the Next button from the Talking Tool.
45. Verify "Text Box 2: Test Talking Book Tool" gets highlighted.
46. Click and Hold the Speak button.
47. Record "Text Box 2: Test Talking Book Tool"
48. Release the Speak button.
49. Verify the Check button becomes enabled.
50. Click on the Check button
51. Verify that the audio recording plays.
52. Click the Next button from the Talking Tool.
53. Verify "Text Box 3: Test Talking Book Tool" gets highlighted.
54. Click and Hold the Speak button.
55. Record "Text Box 3: Test Talking Book Tool"
56. Release the Speak button.
57. Verify the Check button becomes enabled.
58. Click on the Check button
59. Verify that the audio recording plays.
60. Click on the Change Image button from the Image box.
61. Verify the Image Tool box dialog appears.
62. Click on the Text box under the Image Galleries.
63. Type "Jesus".
64. Click the Search button.
65. Verify the images related to Jesus displays.
66. Click on the First image.
67. Verify the Image gets selected.
68. Click on the OK button.
69. Verify the Selected Image displays on the Page "1".
70. Click the More... button under the Talking Book Tool.
71. Verify the Overlay Tool Checkbox option displays.
72. Select the Overlay Tool Checkbox.
73. Verify the Overlay Tool features appear.
74. Verify the Text Block button displays.
75. Drag the Text Block button and drop it into the Image on Page "1".
76. Verify the Text Block Overlays on to the Image.
77. Type "My Jesus" on the Text box.
78. Click on the Talking book Tool button under the Overlay Tool.
79. Verify the Talking book Tool features appear.
80. Verify the Text "My Jesus" on the Image gets highlighted.
81. Click and Hold the Speak button.
82. Record "My Jesus"
83. Release the Speak button.
84. Verify the Check button becomes enabled.
85. Click on the Check button
86. Verify that the audio recording plays.
87. Click the Listen to the whole page button.
88. Verify that the whole-page playback plays in the correct order: 1) My Jesus, 2) Text Box 1: Test Talking Book Tool, 3) Text Box 2: Test Talking Book Tool, 4) Text Box 3: Test Talking Book Tool.
89. Click on the Publish tab.
90. Verify the BloomPUB button appears.
91. Click on the BloomPUB button.
92. Verify the Publish as BloomPUB page appears.
93. Verify the PREVIEW button appears on the Publish as BloomPUB page.
94. Click on the PREVIEW button.
95. Verify the Creating Digital Book dialog appears, and closes.
96. Verify the Preview screen appears under the PREVIEW button.
97. Verify that the page titled 'Test' is displayed.
98. Click on the Next page button.
99. Verify that Page 1 appears.
100. Verify that the whole-page playback plays in the correct order: 1) My Jesus, 2) Text Box 1: Test Talking Book Tool, 3) Text Box 2: Test Talking Book Tool, 4) Text Box 3: Test Talking Book Tool.
101. Click on the ePUB button.
102. Verify the Publish as ePUB page appears.
103. Verify the PREVIEW button appears on the Publish as ePUB page.
104. Click on the PREVIEW button.
105. Verify the Creating ePUB dialog appears and closes.
106. Verify the Preview screen appears under the PREVIEW button.
107. Verify that the page titled 'Test' is displayed.
108. Click on the Next button.
109. Verify that Page 1 appears.
110. Click on the Play button from Page 1.
111. Verify that the whole-page playback plays in the correct order: 1) My Jesus, 2) Text Box 1: Test Talking Book Tool, 3) Text Box 2: Test Talking Book Tool, 4) Text Box 3: Test Talking Book Tool.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the “Test” book.
2. Close the Bloom application.
