---
id: 182
title: "Use (all) the controls to record a variety of pages and check them"
description: "(490) Use (all) the controls to record a variety of pages and check them"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-11
---

# Steps

**Setup**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click on the "Basic Book" from the Sources For New Books in the left Pane.
2. Verify the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button appears on the Right side pane.
3. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify the Basic book appears in the Edit Mode.
5. Click on the Front Cover page from the Left Pane.
6. Verify the Front Cover page appears as Layout on the Right side.
7. Click on the Title Box from the Front Cover page.
8. Type Title as ‘Test’.
9. Click on the "Add Page +" button.
10. Verify the "Add Page..." dialog appears.
11. Select the ‘Basic Text and Picture’ Template from the Basic Pages.
12. Click the ADD PAGE button.
13. Verify the Page "1" added in the left side.
14. Click on the Page "1".
15. Verify Page 1 layout is displayed on the right side.
16. Click the Hamburger menu from the top right corner.
17. Verify the Talking Book Tool appears.
18. Click on the Text box from Page 1.
19. Type "Text Box 1".
20. Verify the sentence "Text Box 1" is highlighted.
21. Click and Hold the Speak button from the Talking Book Tool.
22. Record  "Text Box 1"
23. Release the Speak button.
24. Verify the Check button becomes enabled.
25. Click on the Check button
26. Verify that the audio recording plays.
27. Click on the "Add Page +" button.
28. Verify the "Add Page..." dialog appears.
29. Select the "1 Problem" Template from the Arithmetic Pages.
30. Click the ADD PAGE button.
31. Verify the Page "2" added in the left pane.
32. Click on the Page "2".
33. Verify Page 2 is displayed on the right side.
34. Click on the Text box from the Page 2 Title.
35. Type "Simple Maths".
36. Verify the sentence "Simple Maths" is highlighted.
37. Click and Hold the Speak button.
38. Record  "Simple Maths"
39. Release the Speak button.
40. Verify the Check button becomes enabled.
41. Click on the Check button
42. Verify that the audio recording plays.
43. Click on the "Add Page +" button.
44. Verify the "Add Page..." dialog appears.
45. Select the "Comic" Template from the Digital Comic Book Pages.
46. Click the ADD PAGE button.
47. Verify the Page "3" added in the left pane.
48. Click on the Page "3".
49. Verify Page 3 is displayed on the right side.
50. Click on the Change Image button from the Page "3".
51. Verify the Image Tool box dialog appears.
52. Click on the Text box under the Image Galleries.
53. Type "Jesus".
54. Click the Search button.
55. Verify the images related to Jesus displays.
56. Click on the First image.
57. Verify the Image gets selected.
58. Click on the OK button.
59. Verify the Selected Image displays on the Page "3".
60. Verify the Overlay Tool displays on the right end.
61. Verify the Text Block button displays.
62. Drag the Text Block button and drop it into the Image on Page "3".
63. Verify the Text Block Overlays on to the Image.
64. Type "My Jesus" on the Text box.
65. Click on the Talking book Tool button under the Overlay Tool.
66. Verify the Talking book Tool features appear.
67. Verify the Text "My Jesus" on the Image gets highlighted.
68. Click and Hold the Speak button.
69. Record "My Jesus"
70. Release the Speak button.
71. Verify the Check button becomes enabled.
72. Click on the Check button
73. Verify that the audio recording plays.
74. Click on the "Add Page +" button.
75. Verify the "Add Page..." dialog appears.
76. Select the "Comprehension Quiz" Template from the Game Pages.
77. Click the ADD PAGE button.
78. Verify the Page "4" added in the left pane.
79. Click on the Page "4".
80. Verify Page 4 is displayed on the right side.
81. Verify the Page title displays as "Check Your Understanding".
82. Verify the Text box appears with a tooltip of "Put a comprehension question here"
83. Click on the Text box with tooltip "Put a comprehension question here".
84. Type "Who is Jesus?"
85. Verify the Game Tool displays on the right end.
86. Click on the Talking book Tool button under the Overlay Tool.
87. Verify the Talking book Tool features appear.
88. Verify the Text "Check Your Understanding" gets highlighted.
89. Click and Hold the Speak button.
90. Record "Check Your Understanding"
91. Release the Speak button.
92. Verify the Check button becomes enabled.
93. Click on the Check button
94. Verify that the audio recording plays.
95. Verify the Next button becomes enabled.
96. Click the Next button.
97. Verify the Text "Who is Jesus?" gets highlighted.
98. Click and Hold the Speak button.
99. Record "Who is Jesus?"
100. Release the Speak button.
101. Verify the Check button becomes enabled.
102. Click on the Check button
103. Verify that the audio recording plays.
104. Click on the "Add Page +" button.
105. Verify the "Add Page..." dialog appears.
106. Select the "Comic Full Page" Template from the Paper Comic Book Pages.
107. Click the ADD PAGE button.
108. Verify the Page "5" added in the left pane.
109. Click on the Page "5".
110. Verify Page 5 is displayed on the right side.
111. Click on the Change Image button from the Page "5".
112. Verify the Image Tool box dialog appears.
113. Click on the Text box under the Image Galleries.
114. Type "Click on the Change Image button from the Page"5 ".
115. Verify the Image Tool box dialog appears.
116. Click on the Text box under the Image Galleries.
117. Type "Mary".
118. Click the Search button.
119. Verify the images related to “Mary” displays.
120. Click on the First image.
121. Verify the Image gets selected.
122. Click on the OK button.
123. Verify the Selected Image displays on the Page "5".
124. Verify the Overlay Tool displays on the right end.
125. Verify the Text Block button displays.
126. Drag the Text Block button and drop it into the Image on Page "5".
127. Verify the Text Block Overlays on to the Image.
128. Type "Mother of God" on the Text box.
129. Click on the Talking book Tool button under the Overlay Tool.
130. Verify the Talking book Tool features appear.
131. Verify the Text "Mother of God" on the Image gets highlighted.
132. Click and Hold the Speak button.
133. Record "Mother of God"
134. Release the Speak button.
135. Verify the Check button becomes enabled.
136. Click on the Check button
137. Verify that the audio recording plays.".
138. Click on the "Add Page +" button.
139. Verify the "Add Page..." dialog appears.
140. Select the "Big Text Diglot" Template from the Sign Language Pages.
141. Click the ADD PAGE button.
142. Verify the Page "6" added in the left pane.
143. Verify the Use your Camera dialog box appears.
144. Click the Allow button from the your Camera dialog box.
145. Click on the Page "6".
146. Verify Page 6 is displayed on the right side.
147. Verify the Sign Language Tool displays on the right end.
148. Click on the Text box  from the Page "6".
149. Type "Test Sign Language"
150. Click on the Talking book Tool button under the Sign Language Tool.
151. Verify the Talking book Tool features appear.
152. Verify the Text "Test Sign Language" on the Text box gets highlighted.
153. Click and Hold the Speak button.
154. Record "Test Sign Language"
155. Release the Speak button.
156. Verify the Check button becomes enabled.
157. Click on the Check button
158. Verify that the audio recording plays.
159. Click on the "Add Page +" button.
160. Verify the "Add Page..." dialog appears.
161. Select the "Translation Instructions" Template from the Special Pages.
162. Click the ADD PAGE button.
163. Verify the Page "Translation Instructions" added in the left pane.
164. Click on the Page "Translation Instructions".
165. Verify the Page "Translation Instructions" is displayed on the right side.
166. Click on the Text box  from the Page "Translation Instructions".
167. Type "Test Translation Instructions"
168. Click the close button from the Talking book Tool.
169. Verify that the Talking Book Tool closes and the Close button changes to a Hamburger menu.
170. Click on the Hamburger menu.
171. Verify that the Talking Book Tool appears.
172. Verify the Text "Test Sign Language" on the Text box gets highlighted.
173. Click and Hold the Speak button.
174. Record "Test Sign Language"
175. Release the Speak button.
176. Verify the Check button becomes enabled.
177. Click on the Check button
178. Verify that the audio recording plays.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the "Test" book.
2. Close the Bloom application.
