---
id: 183
title: "Import recordings with Talking Book Tool"
description: "(491,492)Import recordings with Talking Book Tool"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-10-22
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download Sample1.mp3  and Sample2.mp3 files into the Downloads folder.
2. Launch Bloom application
3. Click the Settings button.
4. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
5. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
6. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
7. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
8. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
9. Click the Restart button.
10. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click 'The Moon and the Cap' Shell book under Sample Shells.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
4. Click Page 2 (or any page which has text content)
5. Click the Hamburger button.
6. Verify the TBT menu opens.
7. Verify the text is highlighted.
8. Click the Advanced button.
9. Verify 'By Whole Text Box' mode is selected.
10. Click the 'Import Recording..' button.
11. Verify Choose Audio File dialog opens.
12. Click the Downloads option from the left pane.
13. Verify the Downloads folder appears.
14. Select the Sample1.mp3 file.
15. Click the Open button.
16. Verify the 5)Adjust Timings.. button is enabled.
17. Click the 5)Adjust Timings.. button.
18. Verify the Adjust Timings dialog opens.
19. Click the OK button.
20. Verify the pacifiers appear immediately.
21. Verify there are two different blue colors appearing on the texts.
22. Click the 'Import Recording..' button.
23. Verify "Replace with new audio?" dialog appears.
24. Click the REPLACE button.
25. Verify Choose Audio File dialog opens.
26. Click the Downloads option from the left pane.
27. Verify the Downloads folder appears.
28. Select the Sample2.mp3 file.
29. Click the Open button.
30. Verify the Blue highlighting should be reset. (bug - Live with for now)

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete ‘The Moon and the Cap’ Shell book.
3. Delete the Sample mp3 files.
4. Close Bloom application.
