---
id: 184
title: "Test audio for cover page"
description: "(493) Test audio for cover page Test audio for Cover Page. Test re-order elements, including image description."
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-11
---

# Steps

**Setup**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click on the "Basic Book" Template from the Sources For New Book pane.
2. Verify that the "Basic Book" preview appears on the Right side pane.
3. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify that the “Basic Book” opens in the Edit tab
5. Verify that the "Front Cover" page selected by default in the Pages section
6. Verify that the "Front Cover" page layout is displayed on the right side
7. Click the Hamburger menu from the top right corner
8. Verify that the "Talking Book Tool" option appears
9. Click on the "Title" Text box in the Front Cover page Layout
10. Type the text "Test Book Title"
11. Verify that the text is highlighted
12. Click and hold the “Speak” button in the "Talking Book Tool"
13. Record "Test Book Title"
14. Release the Speak button.
15. Verify that the “Check” button becomes enabled.
16. Click on the “Check” button.
17. Verify that the recorded audio plays correctly
18. Click on the "Author" text box in the Front Cover page Layout
19. Type the text "Test Author information"
20. Verify that the text is highlighted
21. Click and hold the “Speak” button in the "Talking Book Tool"
22. Record "Test Author information"
23. Release the Speak button.
24. Verify that the “Check” button becomes enabled.
25. Click on the “Check” button.
26. Verify that the recorded audio plays correctly
27. Hover the mouse over the "Image pane"
28. Verify that the "Change image" button appears in the Front Cover page Layout
29. Click the "Change image" button from Front Cover page Layout.
30. Verify that the "Image Toolbox" appears
31. Click on the search input under "Image Galleries"
32. Type "Jesus" on the search input
33. Click on the "Search" button
34. Verify that the search results are listed below the search input
35. Select an image from the search results
36. Click on the OK button in the "Image Toolbox"
37. Verify the selected image appears on the Front cover page
38. Click the "Advanced" button from the Talking Book Tool
39. Verify that the "Show image description" toggle button is in the Off state
40. Turn on the "Show image description" Toggle button
41. Verify that the image pane splits into an image area and a description area
42. Click on the "Image Description" Textbox
43. Type the text "Test Image Descriptions"
44. Verify that the text is highlighted
45. Click and hold the “Speak” button in the "Talking Book Tool"
46. Record "Test Image Descriptions"
47. Release the Speak button.
48. Verify that the “Check” button becomes enabled.
49. Click on the “Check” button.
50. Verify that the recorded audio plays correctly
51. Verify that the "Show playback order buttons" toggle button is in the Off state in the "Talking Book Tool"
52. Turn on the "Show playback order buttons" toggle button
53. Verify that the "Show playback order" for the "Title" text box is set to 1x
54. Change the Show playback order for the "Title" text box to 3 by clicking the "+" button next to "1"
55. Verify that the "Show playback order" for the "Author" text box is set to 2
56. Change the Show playback order for the "Author" text box to 1 by clicking the "-" button next to "2"
57. Turn off the "Show playback order buttons" toggle button
58. Click on the "Listen to the whole page" button in the "Talking Book Tool"
59. Verify that the author info plays first.
60. Verify that the image description plays second.
61. Verify that the Title finally plays.
62. Turn off the "Show image descriptions" Toggle button
63. Click on the "Listen to the whole page" button in the "Talking Book Tool"
64. Verify the author info plays first.
65. Verify the image description does not play.
66. Verify the title plays second and last

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete subscription code.
2. Delete the basic book.
3. Close the Bloom application.
