---
id: 185
title: "Test importing audio files whose file names contain special characters, such as a + sign"
description: "(494) Test importing audio files whose file names contain special characters, such as a + sign"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-09
---

# Steps

**Setup**

1. Download a sample audio file in .mp3 format.
2. Rename the audio file to "sample@+.mp3".
3. Launch Bloom application.
4. Launch Bloom application
5. Click the Settings button.
6. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
7. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
8. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
9. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
10. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
11. Click the Restart button.
12. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click on the "Basic Book" Template from the Sources For New Book pane.
2. Verify that the "Basic Book" preview appears on the Right side pane.
3. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify that the “Basic Book” Edit Pane appears.
5. Click on the Front Cover page from the Edit pane.
6. Select the “Front Cover” page in the “Pages” pane.
7. Type “Test” in the Title field.
8. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left of the page.
9. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed.
10. Select the “Just Text” page under the “Basic Pages” option.
11. Click the “ADD PAGE” button.
12. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is closed.
13. Verify that the new page is displayed.
14. Click on the Text box from Page 1.
15. Type "Test” in the Text area.
16. Verify that the text is highlighted.
17. Click the “Advanced” button in the “Talking Book Tool” pane.
18. Verify the “By Sentence” radio button is selected by default under the “Recording Mode”.
19. Select the "By Whole Text Box" radio button.
20. Verify the "Import Recording..." button is Enabled.
21. Click on the "Import Recording..." button.
22. Verify the "Choose Audio File" dialog appears.
23. Select the audio file "sample@+.mp3".
24. Click the Open button from the "Choose Audio File" dialog box.
25. Verify the file is accepted and no error message is shown.
26. Verify the “Check” button becomes enabled.
27. Click on the “Check” button.
28. Verify that the audio recording plays correctly.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the basic book.
2. Delete the Bloom Subscription code.
3. Close the Bloom application.
