---
id: 186
title: "Picture page does not disable the \"Import Recording\" button"
description: "(495) Picture page does not disable the \"Import Recording\" button"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-11
---

# Steps

**Setup**

1. Launch the Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Verify that the ‘Sources for New Books’ section appeared on the left pane.
2. Click a "Basic book" under the "Templates" section from the Collections tab.
3. Verify that the template preview is opened.
4. Click on the ‘MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE’ button.
5. Verify that the template is opened in the edit tab.
6. Click on the Front Cover page from the Edit pane.
7. Verify the Front Cover page appears as Layout on the Right side.
8. Click on the Text box from the right side Layout.
9. Type Title as "Test"
10. Click the Add Page button.
11. Verify the Add Page dialog appears.
12. Click the "Just a Picture" template under the "Basic Pages" section.
13. Click the "Add Page" button.
14. Verify that the "Just a Picture" template is added in the edit tab.
15. Verify Page 1 layout is displayed on the right side.
16. Click the Hamburger menu in the top right corner.
17. Verify the "Talking Book Tool" appears.
18. Verify the "Speak button" is disabled
19. Click the "Advanced"(e.g. play button) button.
20. Verify the "Import Recording" button is disabled under the "Recording Mode" section.
21. Enable the "Show Image Descriptions" toggle button.
22. Verify that the "Picture" page turned into "Image Description Editor"
23. Enter some text in the "Image Description Editor" box.
24. Verify the "Speak” button is enabled.
25. Verify the "Recording Mode" is enabled.
26. Click the "By Whole Text Box" radio button.
27. Verify the"Import Recording..." button is enabled.
28. Remove all text from the "Image Description Editor" box.
29. Verify the "Speak button" is disabled
30. Verify the "Recording Mode" is disabled.
31. Disable the "Show Image Descriptions" toggle button.
32. Remove the focus from the "Image Description Editor" box.
33. Click the "More" button.
34. Verify the options appeared under the "More..."
35. Check the "Image Description Tool" box.
36. Verify that the "Picture" page turned into "Image Description Editor"
37. Enter some text in the "Image Description Editor" box.
38. Click the "Talking Book Tool"
39. Verify the "Speak button" is enabled.
40. Verify the "Recording Mode" is enabled.
41. Select”By Whole Text box” option under “Recording Mode”
42. Verify the"Import Recording..." button is enabled.
43. Remove all text from the "Image Description Editor" box.
44. Verify the "Speak button" is disabled
45. Verify the "Recording Mode" is disabled.
46. Disable the "Show Image Descriptions" toggle button.
47. Remove the focus from the "Image Description Editor" box.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the basic book.
2. Close the Bloom application.
