---
id: 187
title: "Pages with multiple text blocks recorded; check \"Listen to whole page\""
description: "(496) Pages with multiple text blocks recorded; check \"Listen to whole page\""
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-11
---

# Steps

**Setup**

1. Launch Bloom application
1. Click the Settings button.
2. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
3. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
4. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
5. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
6. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
7. Click the Restart button.
8. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Verify that the ‘Sources for New Books’ section appeared on the left pane.
2. Click a "Basic book" under the "Templates" section from the Collections tab.
3. Verify that the template preview is opened.
4. Click on the ‘MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE’ button.
5. Verify that the template is opened in the edit tab.
6. Click on the Book Title Text box from the right side Layout.
7. Type Title as "Test Text"
8. Click the Add Page button.
9. Verify the Add Page dialog appears.
10. Click the "Just Text" template under the "Basic Pages" section.
11. Click the "Add Page" button.
12. Verify the "Just Text" template is added in the edit tab.
13. Click the "Change Layout" toggle button to enable the layout.
14. Verify that the "Text Box" tools appeared in "Page 1."
15. Mouse hover on the "Text Box" gear button.
16. Verify that the "Horizontal +" and "Vertical +" appear.
17. Click the "Horizontal +" plus button above the line.
18. Verify the "Text" link button appeared with an underline.
19. Click the "Text" link button.
20. Verify that the second "Text Box" appeared in "Page 1."
21. Click the "Horizontal +" plus button above the line.
22. Verify the "Text" link button appeared with an underline.
23. Click the "Text" link button.
24. Verify that the third "Text Box" appeared in "Page 1."
25. Verify three "Text Box" tools  appeared on "Page 1".
26. Click the "Change Layout" toggle button to disable the layout.
27. Verify that the "Text Box" tools disappeared in "Page 1."
28. Enter text below in the first "Text box".
29. "The Bible is a collection of religious texts or scriptures which, to a certain degree are held to be sacred in Christianity, Judaism, Samaritanism, slam, the Baháʼí Faith, and other Abrahamic |religions. The Bible is an |anthology originally written in Hebrew, Aramaic, and Koine Greek".
30. Click on the Hamburger menu button on the right side.
31. Verify the TBT menu opens.
32. Click the Advanced button.
33. Verify the By Whole Text box mode is selected.
34. Verify the entire text in the paragraph and get highlighted.
35. Press and hold the "Speak" button.
36. Record the entire paragraph.
37. Release the "Speak" button.
38. Verify the "Check" button appears enabled.
39. Click the "Check" button to listen to the sound.
40. Verify the "Check" button turns into a pause button.
41. Enter text below in the second "Text box".
42. "The Bible is a collection of religious texts or scriptures which, to a certain degree are held to be sacred in Christianity, Judaism, Samaritanism, Islam, |the Baháʼí Faith, and other Abrahamic religions. The Bible is an |anthology originally written in Hebrew, Aramaic, and Koine Greek".
43. Verify the entire paragraph get selected.
44. Press and hold the "Speak" button.
45. Record the entire paragraph.
46. Release the "Speak" button.
47. Verify the "Check" button appears in the enabled state.
48. Click the "Check" button to listen to the sound.
49. Verify the "Check" button turns into a pause button.
50. Enter text below in the third "Text box".
51. "The Bible is a collection of religious texts |or scriptures which, to a certain degree |are held to be sacred in Christianity, Judaism, Samaritanism, Islam, |the Baháʼí Faith, and other Abrahamic |religions. The Bible is an |anthology originally written in Hebrew, Aramaic, and Koine Greek".
52. Verify the entire paragraph is highlighted.
53. Press and hold the "Speak" button.
54. Release the "Speak" button.
55. Record the entire paragraph.
56. Verify the "Check" button appears enabled.
57. Click the "Check" button to listen to the sound.
58. Verify that the "Check" button turns into a pause button.
59. Click on the "Listen to the whole page" button.
60. Verify that the "Listen to the whole page" button appeared in yellow.
61. Verify the first recorded text is highlighted on the first text box and the audio is played.
62. Verify the second recorded text is highlighted on the second text box and the audio is played.
63. Verify the third recorded text is highlighted on the third text box and the audio is played.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the basic book.
2. Close the Bloom application.
