---
id: 188
title: "Pages with multiple sentences that include some character formatting"
description: "(497) Pages with multiple sentences that include some character formatting"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-09
---

# Steps

**Setup**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click The "Moon and the Cap" book from the "Sample Shells" pane.
2. Verify that the "Moon and the Cap" book is displayed in the "Right pane".
3. Click the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify it opens in the "Edit" mode.
5. Click "Page 5" from the "Pages" pane.
6. Verify that the "Page 5" is displayed in the "Right pane".
7. Click on the text box in the "Right pane".
8. Click the "Gear" icon which appears at the bottom left corner of the Page in "Right Pane".
9. Verify that the "Format" dialog box is displayed..
10. Click the "Characters" tab.
11. Click the color pallet in the "Characters" tab..
12. Verify “Text Color” dialog box is displayed.
13. Select the “Red” color in the “Text Color” dialog box.
14. Verify that the text color in the "Page 5" is in red color.
14. Click the “OK” button in the “Text Color” dialog box.
15. Verify “Text Color” dialog box is closed.
17. Click on the text box in the "Right pane".
18. Verify that the "Format" dialog box is closed.
16. Verify that the text color in the "Page 5" is in red color.
17. Click the "Gear" icon which appears at the bottom left corner of the Page in "Right Pane".
18. Verify that the "Format" dialog box is displayed..
19. Click the "Characters" tab.
20. Click the “Bold” option under the “Emphasis” area.
21. Click on the text box in the "Right pane".
22. Verify that the "Format" dialog box is closed.
23. Verify that the texts are "Bold" in the text area.
24. Click the "Gear" icon which appears at the bottom left corner of the Page in "Right Pane".
25. Verify that the "Format" dialog box is displayed..
26. Click the "Characters" tab.
27. Click the “Italic” option under the “Emphasis” area.
28. Click on the text box in the "Right pane".
29. Verify that the "Format" dialog box is closed.
30. Verify that the texts are now both "Bold & Italic" in the text area.
31. Click the "Gear" icon which appears at the bottom left corner of the Page in "Right Pane".
32. Verify that the "Format" dialog box is displayed..
33. Click the "Characters" tab.
34. Click the “Underline” option under the “Emphasis” area.
35. Click on the text box in the "Right pane".
36. Verify that the "Format" dialog box is closed.
37. Verify that the texts are now "Bold, Italic & Underlined" in the text area.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Moon and the Cap book.
2. Close the Bloom application.
