---
id: 19
title: "Publish variety of book and formats using Audio / Video feature"
description: "Test case for Publish Audio/ Video"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-04
last-modified: 2025-10-17
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Connect a WebCam to the Computer.
2. Launch Bloom application
3. Click the Settings button.
4. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
5. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
6. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
7. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
8. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
9. Click the Restart button.
10. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Enter 'The Golden Touch' in the Front Cover title box.
6. Click the Add page button.
7. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
8. Select 'Just Video' template under Sign Language Pages.
9. Click the Add page button.
10. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
11. Verify "Use your cameras" dialog appears.
12. Click the Allow button.
13. Verify the Camera is ON.
14. Click the Record button under Sign Language Tool.
15. Verify the recording is started.
16. Click the Stop button.
17. Verify the recording is stopped.
18. Hover the mouse over the Video page.
19. Click the Play button.
20. Verify the video plays.
21. Click the Publish tab.
22. Click the 'Audio or Video' button.
23. Verify Publish as Audio or Video page opens.
24. Click the Format combo box under Options heading.
25. Verify the combo box opens.
26. Select the "Feature Phone" option.
27. Click the Preview button.
28. Click the Play button under the Preview pane.
29. Verify book opens in the preview pane.
30. Verify the video plays.
31. Click the Record button.
32. Verify the Recording in Progress dialog opens.
33. Wait for a few seconds.
34. Verify Processing Video dialog appears.
35. Click the Close button.
36. Verify the Play Recording button is enabled.
37. Click the Play Recording button.
38. Verify the video book opens in the existing media player.
39. Click the Save button.
40. Verify the Save As dialog opens.
41. Click the Save button.
42. Verify the book is saved as a video file. (eg., in documents folder)
43. Click the Format combo box under Options heading.
44. Verify the combo box opens.
45. Select the "YouTube" option.
46. Click the Preview button.
47. Click the Play button under the Preview pane.
48. Verify book opens in the preview pane.
49. Verify the video plays.
50. Click the Record button.
51. Verify the Recording in Progress dialog opens.
52. Wait for a few seconds.
53. Verify Processing Video dialog appears.
54. Click the Close button.
55. Verify the Play Recording button is enabled.
56. Click the Play Recording button.
57. Verify the video book opens in the existing media player.
58. Click the Save button.
59. Verify the Save As dialog opens.
60. Click the Save button.
61. Verify the book is saved as a video file. (eg., in documents folder)
62. Click the Format combo box under Options heading.
63. Verify the combo box opens.
64. Select the "Facebook" option.
65. Click the Preview button.
66. Click the Play button under the Preview pane.
67. Verify book opens in the preview pane.
68. Verify the video plays.
69. Click the Record button.
70. Verify the Recording in Progress dialog opens.
71. Wait for a few seconds.
72. Verify Processing Video dialog appears.
73. Click the Close button.
74. Verify the Play Recording button is enabled.
75. Click the Play Recording button.
76. Verify the video book opens in the existing media player.
77. Click the Save button.
78. Verify the Save As dialog opens.
79. Click the Save button.
80. Verify the book is saved as a video file. (eg., in documents folder)
81. Click an eBook book.
82. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
83. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
84. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
85. Enter 'The Golden Touch' in the Front Cover title box.
86. Click the Add page button.
87. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
88. Select 'Video Over Text' template under Sign Language Pages.
89. Click the Add page button.
90. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
91. Verify the Camera is ON.
92. Click the Record button under Sign Language Tool.
93. Verify the recording is started.
94. Click the Stop button.
95. Verify the recording is stopped.
96. Hover the mouse over the Video page.
97. Click the Play button.
98. Verify the video plays.
99. Click the Text box which appears under the Video pane.
100. Enter "This is for testing purpose" in the text box.
101. Click the TBT option.
102. Verify the TBT menu opens.
103. Verify the text gets highlighted.
104. Press and hold the 3)Speak button.
105. Record "This is for testing purposes" using microphone.
106. Verify the 4)Check button is enabled.
107. Click the 4)Check button.
108. Verify the audio plays.
109. Click the Publish tab.
110. Click the 'Audio or Video' button.
111. Verify Publish as Audio or Video page opens.
112. Click the Format combo box under Options heading.
113. Verify the combo box opens.
114. Select the "Feature Phone" option.
115. Click the Preview button.
116. Click the Play button under the Preview pane.
117. Verify book opens in the preview pane.
118. Verify the video plays.
119. Verify the audio play.
120. Click the Record button.
121. Verify the Recording in Progress dialog opens.
122. Wait for a few seconds.
123. Verify Processing Video dialog appears.
124. Click the Close button.
125. Verify the Play Recording button is enabled.
126. Click the Play Recording button.
127. Verify the video book opens in the existing media player.
128. Click the Save button.
129. Verify the Save As dialog opens.
130. Click the Save button.
131. Verify the book is saved as a video file. (eg., in documents folder)
132. Click the Format combo box under Options heading.
133. Verify the combo box opens.
134. Select the "YouTube" option.
135. Click the Preview button.
136. Click the Play button under the Preview pane.
137. Verify book opens in the preview pane.
138. Verify the video plays.
139. Verify the audio plays.
140. Click the Record button.
141. Verify the Recording in Progress dialog opens.
142. Wait for a few seconds.
143. Verify Processing Video dialog appears.
144. Click the Close button.
145. Verify the Play Recording button is enabled.
146. Click the Play Recording button.
147. Verify the video book opens in the existing media player.
148. Click the Save button.
149. Verify the Save As dialog opens.
150. Click the Save button.
151. Verify the book is saved as a video file. (eg., in documents folder)
152. Click the Format combo box under Options heading.
153. Verify the combo box opens.
154. Select the "Facebook" option.
155. Click the Preview button.
156. Click the Play button under the Preview pane.
157. Verify book opens in the preview pane.
158. Verify the video plays.
159. Verify the audio plays.
160. Click the Record button.
161. Verify the Recording in Progress dialog opens.
162. Wait for a few seconds.
163. Verify Processing Video dialog appears.
164. Click the Close button.
165. Verify the Play Recording button is enabled.
166. Click the Play Recording button.
167. Verify the video book opens in the existing media player.
168. Click the Save button.
169. Verify the Save As dialog opens.
170. Click the Save button.
171. Verify the book is saved as a video file. (eg., in documents folder)
172. Click the Format combo box under Options heading.
173. Verify the combo box opens.
174. Select the "Mp3 Audio" option.
175. Click the Preview button.
176. Click the Play button under the Preview pane.
177. Verify book opens in the preview pane.
178. Verify the video plays.
179. Verify the audio plays.
180. Click the Record button.
181. Verify the Recording in Progress dialog opens.
182. Wait for a few seconds.
183. Verify Processing Video dialog appears.
184. Click the Close button.
185. Verify the Play Recording button is enabled.
186. Click the Play Recording button.
187. Verify the video book opens in the existing media player.
188. Click the Save button.
189. Verify the Save As dialog opens.
190. Click the Save button.
191. Verify the book is saved as an Audio file. (e.g., in documents folder)

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Disconnect the WebCam from the computer.
2. Delete the Subscription code.
3. Delete the Basic book.
4. Delete the eBook.
5. Close Bloom application.
