---
id: 190
title: "Multiple paragraphs (including with missing para-final punctuation)"
description: "(499) multiple paragraphs (including with missing para-final punctuation)"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-11
---

# Steps

**Setup**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click on the ‘Basic Book’ template from the ‘Sources For New Books’ on the left pane
2. Verify that the ‘Basic Book’ template is opened in preview mode
3. Click on the ‘MAKE A BOOK USING THIS  SOURCE’ button
4. Verify that the ‘Basic Book’ template is opened in edit mode
5. Verify that the ‘Pages’ pane appears on the left
6. Click on the ‘Front cover’ thumbnail in the ‘Pages’ pane
7. Verify that the ‘Front cover’ template is opened in the editor pane
8. Click on the title text box
9. Type the title as “Title Testing”
10. Click on the ‘Add Page’ button on the ‘Pages’ pane
11. Verify that the ‘Add Page…’ dialog appears
12. Click on the ‘Just a Text’ template
13. Click on the ‘ADD PAGE’ button
14. Verify that the page is added to the book
15. Verify the Page ‘1’ thumbnail appeared on the ‘Pages’ pane on the left side
16. Click on the Page ‘1’ thumbnail
17. Verify that the page ‘1’ opened in the editor pane
18. Click on the ‘Hamburger menu’ from the top right corner of the application
19. Verify that the ‘Talking Book Tool’ menu appears
20. Click on the ‘Advanced’ button
21. Click on the ‘By Sentence’ radio button under the ‘Recording Mode’
22. Click on the text box in the editor pane
23. Type “Paragraph One” in the text box
24. Press ‘Shift + Enter’ keys using the keyboard
25. Type “Paragraph Two” in the text box
26. Click on the ‘By Whole Text Box’ radio button under the ‘Recording Mode’
27. Click and hold the speak button
28. Verify that the recording has started
29. Verify that the text is highlighted in the text box
30. Speak the highlighted texts “Paragraph One Paragraph Two”
31. Release the Speak button
32. Click on the ‘Adjust Timings’
33. Verify that the ‘Adjust Timings’ dialog appeared
34. Click and drag the red dashed line as required
35. Click on the Ok button
36. Verify the "Paragraph One" highlighted from the Page 1 layout.
37. Verify the "Paragraph Two" highlighted from the Page 1 layout

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the basic book.
2. Close the Bloom application.
