---
id: 191
title: "Switching between multiple microphones by clicking on the icon in section"
description: "(500) Test switching between multiple microphones by clicking on the icon in section"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-10-14
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Connect the microphone to the computer.
2. Connect the webcam with a microphone to the computer.
3. Launch Bloom application
4. Click the Settings button.
5. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
6. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
7. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
8. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
9. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
10. Click the Restart button.
11. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Click the Add page button.
6. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
7. Select 'Just Text' template.
8. Click the Add page button.
9. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
10. Enter ‘This is for the testing purpose’ in the text pane.
11. Click the Hamburger button.
12. Verify the TBT menu appears.
13. Verify the text gets highlighted.
14. Verify the Microphone icon appears in blue color.
15. Hover the mouse over the 'Headphone with Mic icon' under the Talking Book Tool menu.
16. Verify the Microphone name should appear in the tooltip. (e.g., Headset Microphone (Jabra UC VO..)
17. Say something like 'This is for testing purpose'
18. Verify the volume level bars appear.
19. Press and Hold the 3) Speak button.
20. Record something like 'This is for testing purpose'
21. Release the 3)Speak button.
22. Verify the 4)Check button is enabled.
23. Click the 4)Check button.
24. Verify the audio plays.
25. Disconnect the Microphone from the computer.
26. Verify the Microphone icon appears in blue color.
27. Hover the mouse over the 'Headphone with Mic icon' under the Talking Book Tool menu.
28. Verify the Microphone name should appear in the tooltip. (eg., Headset Microphone (Logitech..)
29. Say something like 'This is for testing purposes' near the webcam with a mic.
30. Verify the volume level bars appear.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Disconnect the Headset with Microphone from the computer.
2. Disconnect the Webcam with Microphone from the computer.
3. Delete the Subscription code.
4. Delete the Basic book.
5. Close Bloom application.
