---
id: 193
title: "Record \"by text box\", split the recording, and then Publish"
description: "(502) Record \"by text box\", split the recording, and then Publish"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-11
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Connect the Android Mobile to the computer via USB cable.
2. Enable ‘File transfer / Android Auto’ option in the Android mobile.
3. Tap the ‘Play Store’ application in the Android Mobile.
4. Verify the Play Store application opens.
5. Type ‘Bloom Reader’ in the Search bar.
6. Verify the ‘Bloom Reader application appears in the application list.
7. Click the “Install’ button.
8. Click the ‘Open’ button.
9. Verify the Bloom Reader application opens in the Mobile device.
10. Launch Bloom application
11. Click the Settings button.
12. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
13. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
14. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
15. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
16. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
17. Click the Restart button.
18. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Enter 'The Golden Touch' in the Front Cover title box.
6. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
7. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
8. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
9. Press the Enter key.
10. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
11. Click any of the Car images.
12. Click the OK button.
13. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
14. Click the Add Page button.
15. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
16. Click 'Just a Text' template.
17. Click the Add Page button.
18. Verify the Just a Text page is added.
19. Enter ‘In the desert existed a rose and a cactus. The beautiful rose would take every opportunity to insult the cactus. The other plants tried to defend the cactus, but the rose was too obsessed with its own looks. in the text pane.
20. Click the Hamburger button.
21. Verify the TBT menu appears.
22. Verify the whole sentence is highlighted.
23. Click the Advanced button.
24. Verify 'By Sentence' recording mode is selected.
25. Press and hold the Speak button.
26. Record 'In the desert existed a rose and a cactus. The beautiful rose would take every opportunity to insult the cactus. The other plants tried to defend the cactus, but the rose was too obsessed with its own looks.'
27. Release the Speak button.
28. Verify the Check button is enabled.
29. Click the Check button.
30. Verify the recorded audio is playing.
31. Click the Adjust Timings..button.
32. Verify the Adjust Timings dialog opens.
33. Click the OK button.
34. Verify the recording has been splitted and appears in blue color.
35. Click the Publish tab.
36. Click the BloomPUB button.
37. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view appears.
38. Click the PREVIEW button.
39. Verify the book opens in the BloomPUB viewer.
40. Click the Next button.
41. Verify the text showing the sentence highlighting in the Preview.
42. Select 'Send over USB Cable' option.
43. Click the CONNECT WITH USB CABLE button.
44. Verify Publishing dialog appears on the screen.
45. Verify 'You can now read <The Golden Touch> in Bloom Reade!' message appears on the dialog.
46. Click the Close button.
47. Verify Publishing dialog closes.
48. Open Bloom Reader app in the Mobile.
49. Verify the book name 'The Golden Touch' appears on the Bloom Reader.
50. Tap on the book name.
51. Verify the book opens with the front cover.
52. Tap to the Next page.
53. Verify the text should be highlighted in yellow while the audio is playing.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Disconnect the Android Mobile from the computer.
2. Delete Subscription code.
3. Delete ‘The Golden Touch’ book.
4. Close Bloom application.
