---
id: 194
title: "Blue-sentence highlighting should not be erased"
description: "(503) Blue-sentence highlighting should not be erased"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-11
---

# Steps

**Setup**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click on the "Basic Book" Template from the Sources For New Book pane
2. Verify that the "Basic Book" preview appears on the Right side pane
3. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button
4. Verify that the “Basic Book” opens in the Edit tab
5. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left corner of the page
6. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed
7. Select the "Just Text" Template under the “Basic Pages” option
8. Click the “ADD PAGE” button.
9. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is closed
10. Verify that Page "1" is added to the Pages list on the left side
11. Verify Page "1" layout is displayed on the right side
12. Click the Hamburger menu from the top right corner
13. Verify that the "Talking Book Tool" option appears
14. Click inside the Text box on Page "1"
15. Type the sentence "Psalm Chapter 117, Praise the Lord, all you nations extol him, all you peoples. For great is his love toward us, and the faithfulness of the Lord endures forever. Praise the Lord"
16. Verify that the text is highlighted
17. Click the “Advanced” button in the “Talking Book Tool” pane
18. Verify that the “By Whole Text Box” radio button is selected by default under the “Recording Mode”
19. Click and hold the “Speak” button in the "Talking Book Tool"
20. Record "Psalm Chapter 117, Praise the Lord, all you nations extol him, all you peoples. For great is his love toward us, and the faithfulness of the Lord endures forever. Praise the Lord."
21. Release the Speak button
22. Verify that the “Check” button becomes enabled
23. Click on the “Check” button
24. Verify that the recorded audio plays correctly
25. Verify that the "Adjust Timings" button enables in the "Talking Book Tool"
26. Click on the "Adjust Timings" button
27. Verify that the "Adjust Timings" dialog appears
28. Verify that two "Timing Markers" appear in the "Adjust Timings" dialog
29. Hover the mouse over the first "Timing Marker"
30. Verify that a Bidirectional arrow appears
31. Move first "Timing Marker" towards the right side
32. Hover the mouse over the second "Timing Marker"
33. Verify that a Bidirectional arrow appears
34. Move first "Timing Marker" towards the left side
35. Click on the "Ok" button in the "Adjust Timings" dialog
36. Verify that the sentence on the Page "1" layout is split and highlighted with 3 different colors
37. Click on the "Check" button
38. Verify that the split audio plays sequentially
39. Verify that the text in the sentence is highlighted one by one while the split audio plays
40. Click the Speak button
41. Verify the message stating "Please hold the button down until you have finished recording" appears at the bottom right corner
42. Verify that the text highlighted in three different colors remains unchanged

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the basic book.
2. Close the Bloom application.
