---
id: 195
title: "On a page with an Image Description, change zoom; ensure ID doesn't become hidden"
description: "(504) On a page with an Image Description, change zoom; ensure ID doesn't become hidden"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-09
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click on the "Basic Book" Template from the Sources For New Book pane.
2. Verify the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button appears on the Right side pane.
3. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify the Edit Pane appears.
5. Click on the Title Text box from the Front Cover page Layout.
6. Type "Test Book".
7. Click the Add Page button.
8. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
9. Click the 'Basic Text & Picture' template.
10. Click the Add Page button.
11. Verify the 'Basic Text & Picture' page is added.
12. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
13. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
14. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
15. Press the Enter key.
16. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
17. Click any of the Car images.
18. Click the OK button.
19. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
20. Enter 'This is a car ' in the text box.
21. Click on the Picture pane.
22. Click the Hamburger menu from the top right corner.
23. Verify the Talking Book Tool appears.
24. Click on the text in the text box.
25. Verify the text gets selected and highlighted.
26. Press and hold the Speak button.
27. Record 'This is a car'.
28. Release the Speak button.
29. Verify the Check button is enabled.
30. Click the More.. option.
31. Verify the More .. menu opens.
32. Select 'Image Description Tool' checkbox.
33. Verify the Image description tool menu appears on the page.
34. Click the text pane on the Image description.
35. Enter 'This is a Car image'
36. Click the Talking Book Tool option.
37. Verify the text gets selected and highlighted.
38. Press and hold the Speak button.
39. Record 'This is a car image'.
40. Release the Speak button.
41. Verify the Check button is enabled.
42. Click on the Zoom button which appears at the top right corner of the page.
43. Verify 100% zoom appears.
44. Click the zoom out button (-) to decrease the zoom size to 30%.
45. Verify the Image Description on the page should not be hidden.
46. Click the zoom in button (+) to increase the zoom size to 160%
47. Verify the Image Description on the page should not be hidden.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Basic book.
3. Close Bloom application.
