---
id: 196
title: "When the TBT feature is enabled, a segment marker (|) must be visible on the page; when the feature is disabled, the marker must be hidden."
description: "(505,506) Zooming disables display of Image Descriptions when Talking Book Tool open"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-10
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click on the "Basic Book" Template from the Sources For New Book pane.
2. Verify the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button appears on the Right side pane.
3. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify the Edit Pane appears.
5. Click on the "Add Page" button.
6. Verify the "Add Page..." dialog appears.
7. Select the "Just Text" Template under Basic Pages.
8. Click the Add page button.
9. Verify the 'Just Text' page is added.
10. Click on the "Add Page" button.
11. Verify the "Add Page..." dialog appears.
12. Select the "Just Text" Template.
13. Click the Add page button.
14. Verify the 'Just Text' page is added.
15. Click Page 1 thumbnail.
16. Verify that Page 1 appears on the Edit pane.
17. Enter “Two |words" in the text box.
18. Click the Hamburger button.
19. Verify the Talking Book Tool menu opens.
20. Click Page 2 thumbnail.
21. Verify that Page 2 appears on the Edit pane.
22. Click Page 1 thumbnail.
23. Verify the ‘I’ should appear on the page.
24. Click the Close button of the Talking Book Tool menu.
25. Verify ‘I’ should disappear on the page.
26. Click Page 2 thumbnail.
27. Verify that Page 2 appears on the Edit pane.
28. Click Page 1 thumbnail.
29. Verify ‘I’ should stay disappeared on the page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Basic book.
3. Close Bloom application.
