---
id: 197
title: "Import multiple text boxes on a page in a mixture of stereo and mono"
description: "(507,508) Import multiple text boxes on a page in a mixture of stereo and mono"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-10-22
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download the problem book from the given link :https://s3.amazonaws.com/bloom-problem-books/BL-9105.zip into Downloads folder.
2. Extract the zip file.
3. Verify MY STEREO TITLE book folder appears.
4. Copy the MY STEREO TITLE book folder.
5. Open Bloom folder. (eg., C:\Users\UserName\Documents\Bloom)
6. Paste it into any Book collection folder. (eg., C:\Users\UserName\Documents\Bloom\English Books)
7. Launch Bloom application.
8. Click the Settings button.
9. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
10. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
11. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
12. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
13. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
14. Click the Restart button.
15. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click MY STEREO TITLE book thumbnail.
2. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
3. Click the Publish tab.
4. Click the ePUB button.
5. Verify Publish as ePUB view opens.
6. Click the Preview button.
7. Verify the Front cover page appears.
8. Click the Play button which appears at the top left corner of the preview pane.
9. Verify the title plays in mono.
10. Verify the authorship plays in stereo.
11. Click the Next button.
12. Verify Page 1 appears.
13. Click the Play button which appears at the top left corner of the preview pane.
14. Verify both the texts play in mono.
15. Verify Page 2 appears.
16. Click the Play button which appears at the top left corner of the preview pane.
17. Verify both the texts play in stereo.
18. Verify Page 3 appears.
19. Click the Play button which appears at the top left corner of the preview pane.
20. Verify the top box plays mono.
21. Verify the bottom box plays stereo.
22. Verify Page 4 appears.
23. Click the Play button which appears at the top left corner of the preview pane.
24. Verify the top box plays stereo.
25. Verify the bottom box plays mono.
26. Click a Basic book.
27. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
28. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
29. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
30. Enter 'The Golden Touch' in the Front Cover title box.
31. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
32. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
33. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
34. Press the Enter key.
35. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
36. Click any of the Car images.
37. Click the OK button.
38. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
39. Click the Hamburger button.
40. Verify the TBT menu opens.
41. Click the More...option.
42. Verify the More..menu opens.
43. Select 'Image Description Tool' checkbox.
44. Verify the Image Description appears on the Front cover Image pane.
45. Click the ID text box.
46. Enter 'This is a Car image. It's a Jeep' in the text box.
47. Enter 'Tester' in the Author name box.
48. Click the TBT option.
49. Click on the title box.
50. Press and hold the 3)Speak button.
51. Record 'The Golden Touch'
52. Click the Next button.
53. Verify the text gets highlighted in the ID text box.
54. Press and hold the 3)Speak button.
55. Record 'This is a Car image. It's a jeep'
56. Click the Next button.
57. Press and hold the 3)Speak button.
58. Record 'Tester'
59. Click the Publish tab.
60. Click the ePUB button.
61. Verify Publish as ePUB view opens.
62. Click the PREVIEW button.
63. Verify the front cover page opens in the Preview.
64. Click the Play button which appears at the top left corner of the page.
65. Verify the audio plays correctly.
66. Click the Edit tab.
67. Click the sentence appears in the ID text box.
68. Click the 'Adjust timings' button under TBT menu.
69. Verify 'Adjust timings' dialog opens.
70. Click the OK button.
71. Verify the Sentences are splitted and appear in two different blue colors.
72. Click the Publish tab.
73. Click the ePUB button.
74. Verify Publish as ePUB view opens.
75. Click the PREVIEW button.
76. Verify the front cover page opens in the Preview.
77. Click the Play button which appears at the top left corner of the page.
78. Verify the audio plays correctly.
79. Click the Edit tab.
80. Delete all the sentences from the ID text box.
81. Enter 'This is a car story. It's only a story' in the text box.
82. Click the TBT option.
83. Click on the ID text box.
84. Press and hold the 3)Speak button.
85. Record 'This is a car story. It's only a story'.
86. Click the Publish tab.
87. Click the ePUB button.
88. Verify Publish as ePUB view opens.
89. Click the PREVIEW button.
90. Verify the front cover page opens in the Preview.
91. Click the Play button which appears at the top left corner of the page.
92. Verify that all the audio plays correctly.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the MY STEREO TITLE book.
3. Delete the Basic book.
4. Close Bloom application.
