---
id: 198
title: "Corrupt Book - Duplicate audio ID"
description: "(509,510)Corrupt Book - Duplicate audio ID"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-10-22
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Enter 'The Golden Touch' in the Front Cover title box.
6. Click the Add page button.
7. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
8. Select 'Picture in Middle' template.
9. Click the Add page button.
10. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
11. Enter "A hungry fox once looked everywhere for food. He couldn’t find anything until he stumbled upon a farmer’s wall. He saw big, purple, juicy grapes." in the top text box.
12. Enter "He jumped as high as possible to reach the grapes. No matter how many times he tried" in the bottom text box.
13. Click the Hamburger button.
14. Verify the TBT menu opens.
15. Click on the top box.
16. Verify the entire paragraph gets highlighted.
17. Click the Advanced button.
18. Select 'By Sentence' option.
19. Verify the first sentence gets highlighted.
20. Press and hold the 3)Speak button.
21. Record the first sentence 'A hungry fox once looked everywhere for food.'.
22. Release the Speak button.
23. Click the Next button.
24. Verify the next sentence gets highlighted.
25. Press and hold the 3)Speak button.
26. Record the first sentence 'He couldn’t find anything until he stumbled upon a farmer’s wall.'.
27. Release the Speak button.
28. Click the Next button.
29. Verify the next sentence gets highlighted.
30. Press and hold the 3)Speak button.
31. Record the first sentence 'He saw big, purple, juicy grapes.'.
32. Release the Speak button.
33. Click the bottom text box.
34. Verify "By Whole Text Box' recording mode is selected under the Advanced tab.
35. Press and hold the 3)Speak button.
36. Record the first sentence 'He jumped as high as possible to reach the grapes. No matter how many times he tried" in the bottom text box.
37. Click on the top text box.
38. Copy the three sentences (record-by-sentence).
39. Paste them in the middle of the sentences in the bottom text box.
40. Click Page 1 thumbnail.
41. Click the triangle button which appears at the bottom right corner of the page thumbnail.
42. Verify a Context menu opens.
43. Click the 'Duplicate Page' option.
44. Verify a duplicate page (Page 2) is created.
45. Click the Collections tab.
46. Close Bloom application.
47. Relaunch Bloom application.
48. Verify that there is no duplicate audio ID shown on the Book Preview pane.
49. Close Bloom application.
50. Download the book from the given link: https://s3.amazonaws.com/bloom-problem-books/BL-9467.zip into the Downloads folder.
51. Copy the book.zip file.
52. Double click on a New Folder.
53. Paste the zip file.
54. Extract the zip file.
55. Double click on 'Amri Karbi Books'.bloom book collection.
56. Verify the book opens in the Bloom Editor.
57. Click on 'A B Ch Chirli..' book thumbnail.
58. Verify there is an error message "There was a problem with recording.." appears in the dialog.
59. Click the OK button.
60. Verify the message disappears.
61. Close Bloom.
62. Relaunch Bloom application.
63. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
64. Verify there should be no error message about the duplicate IDs appearing on the screen.
65. Click the Publish tab.
66. Click the BloomPUB button.
67. Verify the Publish as BloomPUB view appears.
68. Click the Preview button.
69. Verify there should be no crash.
70. Click the Next button to navigate all the pages.
71. Verify that  the recording for the letter J is repeated all over the place(an artifact of the original error - expected)

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the basic book.
2. Delete the A B Ch Chirli..' book.

Close the Bloom application.
