---
id: 199
title: "Record Paragraph in Sentence Mode, (TBT)"
description: "(512) Record Paragraph in Sentence Mode, (TBT)"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-09
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click on the "Basic Book" Template from the Sources For New Book pane.
2. Verify the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button appears on the Right side pane.
3. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify the Edit Pane appears.
5. Click on the Front Cover page from the Edit pane.
6. Verify the Front Cover page appears as Layout on the Right side.
7. Click on the Text box from the right side Layout.
8. Type Title as Test.
9. Click on the "Add Page" button.
10. Verify the "Add Page..." dialog appears.
11. Select the "Just Text" Template.
12. Click the Add page button.
13. Verify the Page "1" added to the Pages in the left side.
14. Click on the Page "1".
15. Verify Page 1 layout is displayed on the right side.
16. Click on the text box.
17. Enter a paragraph “In the desert existed a rose and a cactus. The beautiful rose would take every opportunity to insult the cactus. The other plants tried to defend the cactus, but the rose was too obsessed with its own looks. There was no water during a particularly hot summer. The rose started to wither away. But the cactus had become a source of water for sparrows. The rose asked the cactus for water, and the nice cactus readily agreed. “ in the text box.
18. Click the Hamburger menu from the top right corner.
19. Verify the Talking Book Tool appears.
20. Click the Advanced button.
21. Verify the Recording mode is in "By Sentence".
22. Verify the first sentence 'In the desert..' is highlighted in the text page.
23. Press and Hold the Speak button.
24. Record "In the desert existed a rose and a cactus"
25. Release the Speak button.
26. Verify the Check button is enabled.
27. Click the Next button.
28. Verify the sentence 'The beautiful rose..' is highlighted in the text page.
29. Press and Hold the Speak button.
30. Record "The beautiful rose would take every opportunity to insult the cactus."
31. Release the Speak button.
32. Verify the Check button is enabled.
33. Click the Next button.
34. Verify the sentence 'The other plants tried ..' is highlighted in the text page.
35. Press and Hold the Speak button.
36. Record "The other plants tried to defend the cactus, but the rose was too obsessed with its own looks."
37. Release the Speak button.
38. Verify the Check button is enabled.
39. Click the Next button.
40. Verify the sentence 'There was no water...' is highlighted in the text page.
41. Press and Hold the Speak button.
42. Record "There was no water during a particularly hot summer."
43. Release the Speak button.
44. Verify the Check button is enabled.
45. Click the Next button.
46. Verify the sentence 'But the cactus....' is highlighted in the text page.
47. Press and Hold the Speak button.
48. Record "But the cactus had become a source of water for sparrows."
49. Release the Speak button.
50. Verify the Check button is enabled.
51. Click the Next button.
52. Verify the sentence 'The rose asked the....' is highlighted in the text page.
53. Press and Hold the Speak button.
54. Record "The rose asked the cactus for water, and the nice cactus readily agreed. ."
55. Release the Speak button.
56. Verify the Check button is enabled.
57. Click the 'By Whole Text Box' radio button.
58. Verify the whole paragraph is highlighted.
59. Press and Hold the Speak button.
60. Record "In the desert existed a rose and a cactus. The beautiful rose would take every opportunity to insult the cactus. The other plants tried to defend the cactus, but the rose was too obsessed with its own looks. There was no water during a particularly hot summer. The rose started to wither away. But the cactus had become a source of water for sparrows. The rose asked the cactus for water, and the nice cactus readily agreed. "
61. Release the Speak button.
62. Verify the Check button is enabled.
63. Click the Check button
64. Verify that the audio plays.
65. Click on the Collections tab.
66. Verify the Collections view appears.
67. Click on the "Basic Book" Template from the Sources For New Book pane.
68. Verify the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button appears on the Right side pane.
69. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
70. Verify the Edit Pane appears.
71. Click on the Front Cover page from the Edit pane.
72. Verify the Front Cover page appears as Layout on the Right side.
73. Click on the Text box from the right side Layout.
74. Type Title as Test 2.
75. Click on the "Add Page" button.
76. Verify the "Add Page..." dialog appears.
77. Select the "Just Text" Template.
78. Click the Add page button.
79. Verify the Just Text page is  added.
80. Click the Text box.
81. Type the following sentence "This is another test"
82. Click the Hamburger button.
83. Verify the Talking Book Tool menu opens.
84. Press and Hold the Speak button.
85. Record  "This is another test"
86. Release the Speak button.
87. Verify the Check button becomes enabled.
88. Click on the Check button
89. Verify that the audio recording plays.
90. Click on the Collections.
91. Verify the Collections pane appears.
92. Select Test book.
93. Click on the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
94. Verify the Edit page opens.
95. Click on Page 1 text box.
96. Enter 'This is for testing' text after the last sentence of the paragraph.
97. Click and Hold the Speak button.
98. Record  "In the desert existed a rose and a cactus. The beautiful rose would take every opportunity to insult the cactus. The other plants tried to defend the cactus, but the rose was too obsessed with its own looks. There was no water during a particularly hot summer. The rose started to wither away. But the cactus had become a source of water for sparrows. The rose asked the cactus for water, and the nice cactus readily agreed. This is for testing"
99. Release the Speak button.
100. Verify the Check button becomes enabled.
101. Click on the Check button
102. Verify that the audio recording plays.
103. Open the audio folder from the given location (eg., C:\Users\UserName\Documents\Bloom\BookCollectionName\BookName\audio)
104. Verify the extraneous (sentence) recordings have been cleaned up/deleted from the book's audio folder.
105. Verify the latest recorded audio file exists in the audio folder.
106. Double click on the audio file.
107. Verify the latest audio recording plays.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Test  book.
3. Delete the Test 2 book.
4. Close Bloom application.
