---
id: 2
title: "Install in a Virtual Box"
description: "Test case for installing bloom in a Virtual Box"
issues: []
created: 2024-08-27
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Enter ‘https://www.oracle.com/virtualization/technologies/vm/downloads/virtualbox-downloads.html?source=:ad:pas:go:dg:a_nas:71700000079711823-58700006707759357-p60691657748:RC_WWMK200609P00103C0001:&gclid=Cj0KCQjw5-WRBhCKARIsAAId9FlOvHq2uncYx2BFN9WOsdSJYJZ8t3sVCCt5Fv3YpX04QppiO7DUUl0aArKAEALw_wcB&gclsrc=aw.ds’ in the Browser window.
2. Press the Enter Key.
3. Verify Oracle VirtualBox page opens.
4. Click Windows Installer (64-bit) from Windows Platform.
5. Verify the Windows Installer.exe file is downloaded in the Downloads folder.
6. Double click on the Windows Installer.exe file.
7. Verify the Oracle's VM Virtual Box is installed on the system.
8. Type 'https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1PCYrPcd8E3jnHVJgpjEmnpBeFONZefME' in the browser window(Needs to Developer's approval to enter in this page)
9. Press the Enter key.
10. Click the download icon near ‘IE11-Win7.ova’ file.
11. Verify the ‘IE11-Win10.ova’ file downloaded into the Downloads folder.
12. Double click on the Virtual Box icon from the Desktop.
13. Verify the Virtual Box opened on the Desktop.
14. Click the File option.
15. Verify the file menu opens.
16. Click Import Appliance.
17. Verify Import Virtual Appliance window opens.
18. Click the Folder icon near the File field.
19. Verify 'Please choose a virtual appliance file to import' dialog opens.
20. Click IE11-Win7.ova file from the Documents folder.
21. Click the Next button.
22. Verify Appliance Settings dialog opens.
23. Click the Next button.
24. Verify 'Importing appliance..' progress bar appears.
25. Verify 'IE11 – Win7.ova' appears in the Preview pane.
26. Click the Start button from the Tool bar.
27. Verify Windows 7 OS opens in the Oracle VM VirtualBox.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Devices option from the toolbar.
2. Verify the Devices menu opens.
3. Click the Drag and Drop option.
4. Verify a submenu opens.
5. Select Bidirectional option.
6. Copy BloomInstaller.newerversion.exe from the computer, (since Internet Explorer 11 cannot open the bloomlibrary.org website.) (eg., Bloom 6.1.0)
7. Paste the BloomInstaller.anyversion.exe file into IE11-Win7 - Oracle VM VirtualBox
8. Verify the Installer file pasted on the Win 7 - Desktop (VM).
9. Double Click on the Bloom Installer file. (newer version eg., Bloom 6.1.0)
10. Verify a Warning message "This application requires one of the following versions of the .NET Framework: .NETFramework, Version=v4.7.2.. Do you want to install this .NET Framework version now?" with a Yes or No button.
11. Click the Yes button.
12. Verify .NET Framework page opens.
13. Click the 'NET Framework 4.7.2' link under Other versions.
14. Verify the .NET Framework 4.7.2 download page opens.
15. Click the Offline Installer 'Runtime' link
16. Verify the Microsoft .NET Framework page opens.
17. Select 'I have read and accept..' check box.
18. Click the Install button.
19. Verify Installation Is Complete dialog appears.
20. Click the Finish button.
21. Double Click on the Bloom Installer file.
22. Verify a warning message, “we are sorry... this version of Bloom requires Windows 10 or greater. As a result you will need to install Bloom 5.4. Bloom will now open a web page where you can download Bloom 5.4"
23. Click the OK button.
24. Verify the bloomlibrary.org web page opens.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete Bloom Installer file.
2. Uninstall .NET 4.7.2 framework.
3. Uninstall Oracle Virtual Box.
