---
id: 20
title: "Copyright and License information"
description: "Test case for Copyright and License information"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-04
last-modified: 2025-10-28
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Book.
2. Verify it opens in the Edit view.
3. Click the Credits Page thumbnail.
4. Verify the Credits page opens.
5. Hover the mouse on the Copyright icon.
6. Verify the Copyright bubble image opens.
7. Click the Edit Copyright & License link button.
8. Verify the Copyright and License dialog opens.
9. Click the License tab.
10. Select the first option button with the text "Anyone can use it however they want".
11. Click the OK button.
12. Verify the "Public Domain" logo appears with a message "You can copy,modify, and distribute this work.." on the page.
13. Click the License tab.
14. Select the second option button "Everyone is allowed to:"
15. Click the OK button.
16. Verify there is a "CC logo" that appears with a message "You are free to make commercial use of this work.." on the page.
17. Click the License tab.
18. Select the third option button "No one can modify or copy it without explicit permission.."
19. Click the OK button.
20. Verify there is a message "For permission to reuse, contact the copyright holder" appear on the page.
21. Click the License tab.
22. Select the Fourth option, "Other" button.
23. Enter a text "Private Book" on the given text box.
24. Click the OK button.
25. Verify there is a message "Private Book" appears on the Credits page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Close Bloom application.
2. Delete Book.
