---
id: 200
title: "Check Playback is working correct in ePUB and BR"
description: "(513,514) Check Playback is working correct in ePUB and BR"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-10-22
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Click the 'Other Collection' button.
2. Verify 'Open/Create Collections' dialog opens.
3. Click the 'Create New Collection' button.
4. Verify 'Create New Bloom Collection'  dialog opens.
5. Enter 'Tamil' in the Search box.
6. Verify Tamil language bar appears.
7. Click the Tamil language bar.
8. Verify 'Tamil' script box appears.
9. Click the 'Tamil' script box.
10. Click the Next button.
11. Verify Font and Script view appears.
12. Click the Next button.
13. Verify Give Language Location view appears.
14. Click the Next button.
15. Verify 'தமிழ் Books' appears as Collection Name.
16. Click the Next button.
17. Verify 'Ready to create New collection' pane appears.
18. Click the Finish button.
19. Verify a new collection 'தமிழ் Books' appears on the Collections view.
20. Click the Settings button.
21. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
22. Verify Tamil language (L1) appears as the Local Language.
23. Verify English language (L2) appears as the National Language.
24. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
25. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
26. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
27. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
28. Click the Restart button.
29. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Click the Language selector from the toolbar.
6. Select the English language.
7. Paste ராமன் கதைகள்  in the Front Cover title box. (L1)
8. Enter 'The Golden Touch' in the Front Cover title box. (L2)
9. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
10. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
11. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
12. Press the Enter key.
13. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
14. Click any of the Car images.
15. Click the OK button.
16. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
17. Click the Hamburger button.
18. Verify the TBT menu opens.
19. Click the More...option.
20. Verify the More..menu opens.
21. Select 'Image Description Tool' checkbox.
22. Verify two Image Description text boxes appear on the Front cover Image pane.
23. Click the Tamil ID text box.
24. Paste 'இது ஒரு கார்' in the text box.
25. Click on the English ID text box.
26. Enter 'This is a Car image.' in the text box.
27. Click the TBT option.
28. Click on the title box.
29. Press and hold the 3)Speak button.
30. Record 'Raman Kathaigal'
31. Click the Next button.
32. Verify the text gets highlighted in the ID text box.
33. Press and hold the 3)Speak button.
34. Record 'This is a Car image.'
35. Click the Publish tab.
36. Click the ePUB button.
37. Verify Publish as ePUB view opens.
38. Click the PREVIEW button.
39. Verify the front cover page opens in the Preview.
40. Click the Play button which appears at the top left corner of the page.
41. Verify the audio plays correctly.
42. Click the BloomPUB button.
43. Verify Publish as ePUB view opens.
44. Click the PREVIEW button.
45. Verify the front cover page opens in the Preview.
46. Click the Play button which appears at the top left corner of the page.
47. Verify the audio plays correctly.
48. Click the Edit tab.
49. Click the Advanced button.
50. Enable 'Show playback order buttons'
51. Verify the Playback order buttons appear on the Front cover page.
52. Verify Playback order button appears on the tamil text box.
53. Verify the Play order button appears on the english text box.
54. Click the '2' button.
55. Click the '-' button.
56. Verify the playback order changes to '1'.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the basic book.
3. Close the Bloom application.
