---
id: 202
title: "Download one of the Look, Listen, and Live books which has long stretches of audio"
description: "(517 to 519) Download one of the Look, Listen, and Live books which has long stretches of audio"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-10-22
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
10. Download one of the Look, Listen and Live books from the given link: https://bloomlibrary.org/EFL-education-for-life-org/EFL-BibleStories-Main/EFL-LLL-EnglishShells/book/fAmoeqafOv
11. Verify the book opens in the Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
2. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
3. Click Page 2. (or any page which has the huge paragraph)
4. Click the Hamburger button.
5. Verify the TBT menu opens.
6. Click the 4)Check button.
7. Verify the audio plays.
8. Click the Pause button.
9. Verify the audio stops playing.
10. Click the 4)Check button.
11. Verify the audio resume playing.
12. Click the space before the "There were male and female ..." sentence.
13. Click the Advanced button.
14. Click the 'Insert Segment Marker' button.
15. Verify the Segment Marker is inserted before the word "There.."
16. Click the Adjust Timings button.
17. Verify the Adjust Timings dialog opens.
18. Click the OK button.
19. Click the 4)Check button.
20. Verify the audio starts from the beginning of the sentence.
21. Verify it should highlight according to the segment markers.
22. Click a Basic book.
23. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
24. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
25. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
26. Enter 'The Golden Touch' in the Front Cover title box.
27. Click the Add page button.
28. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
29. Select 'Just Text' template.
30. Click the Add page button.
31. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
32. Enter 'Hi' in the text box.
33. Click the Hamburger button.
34. Verify the TBT menu opens.
35. Verify the text gets highlighted.
36. Click the Advanced button.
37. Verify "By Sentence" mode is selected by default.
38. Copy the text 'Hi'
39. Paste it twice using Ctrl+V.
40. Verify that there should be no error.
41. Type Settings in the Windows Search bar.
42. Press the Enter key.
43. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
44. Click Time&Language option.
45. Click the Region option from the right pane.
46. Verify Region dialog appears.
47. Set Regional format to English (Sweden).
48. Click Additional date,time,&regional settings link button
49. Verify Click and Region dialog opens.
50. Click the 'Change date,time,or number format' link under Region.
51. Verify Region dialog opens.
52. Select 'English(Sweden) format.
53. Click the Additional settings button.
54. Verify the Decimal symbol changes to comma. (,)
55. Click the OK button.
56. Click the Apply button.
57. Click the OK button.
58. Verify the Region dialog closes.
59. Close all other windows.
60. Launch Bloom application.
61. Click the Settings button.
62. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
63. Click the 'Set' link button under Sign Language (Optional)
64. Verify the Choose Language dialog opens.
65. Enter 'sign' in the Search box.
66. Verify  American Sign Language appears.
67. Click the OK button.
68. Verify the American Sign Language(ase) appears under Sign Language.
69. Click the Restart button.
70. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
71. Click the Settings button.
72. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
73. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
74. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
75. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
76. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
77. Click the Restart button.
78. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
79. Click a Basic book.
80. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
81. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
82. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
83. Enter 'The Golden Touch' in the Front Cover title box.
84. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
85. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
86. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
87. Press the Enter key.
88. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
89. Click any of the Car images.
90. Click the OK button.
91. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
92. Click the Credits Page thumbnail.
93. Verify the Credits page opens.
94. Click the 'Needs Copyright' button.
95. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
96. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
97. Click the OK button.
98. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
99. Click the Add page button.
100. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
101. Select 'Just Text' template.
102. Click the Add page button.
103. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
104. Enter "There once was a boy who grew bored while watching over the village sheep. He wanted to make things more exciting." in the text box.
105. Click the Hamburger button.
106. Verify the TBT menu opens.
107. Verify the text gets highlighted.
108. Press and Hold the 3)Speak button.
109. Record "There once was a boy who grew bored while watching over the village sheep. He wanted to make things more exciting."
110. Verify the 4)Check button is enabled.
111. Click the Adjust Timings button.
112. Verify the Adjust Timings dialog opens.
113. Click the OK button.
114. Verify the sentences get splitted and appear in blue color.
115. Click the Publish tab.
116. Click the ePUB button.
117. Verify Publish as ePUB view opens.
118. Click the Preview button.
119. Verify the book opens in the preview pane.
120. Click the Play button which appears at the top left corner of the preview pane.
121. Verify the audio plays.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete 1 - Beginning with God Portrait Book.
3. Delete the basic book.
4. Close the Bloom application.
