---
id: 203
title: "Should not be allowed to set focus or type in preview"
description: "(521) Should not be allowed to set focus or type in preview,(BL-12206)"
issues:
  - [BL-12206](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-12206)
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-10-22
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Enter 'Test Book' in the Front Cover title box.
6. Click the Add page button.
7. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
8. Select 'Just Text' template.
9. Click the Add page button.
10. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
11. Enter "There once was a boy who grew bored while watching over the village sheep. He wanted to make things more exciting. " in the text box.
12. Click the Hamburger button.
13. Verify the TBT menu opens.
14. Verify the text in the pane gets highlighted.
15. Click the Close of the TBT menu.
16. Verify the TBT menu closes.
17. Verify the text is not highlighted.
18. Verify there is no error message saying that "Bloom is using the Microphone"
19. Click the Hamburger button.
20. Verify the TBT menu opens.
21. Verify the text in the pane gets highlighted.
22. Click the Publish tab.
23. Verify there is no error message saying that "Bloom is using the Microphone"
24. Click the Edit tab.
25. Verify the TBT menu opens.
26. Verify the text in the pane gets highlighted.
27. Click the Collections tab.
28. Verify the Collections view appears.
29. Verify there is no error message saying that "Bloom is using the Microphone"

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic book.
2. Delete the Subscription code.
