---
id: 204
title: "ePUB with Flowable mode"
description: "(251) ePUB with Flowable mode"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-10-08
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Verify that the ‘Sources for New Books’ section appeared on the left pane
2. Click on the “Basic Book” under the “Templates” section of the left pane.
3. Verify that the template preview appears
4. Click on the ‘MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE’ button
5. Verify that the “Basic” book appears in edit mode.
6. Click on the ‘Add Page’ button on the ‘Pages’ pane.
7. Verify that the ‘Add Page…’ dialog appears
8. Click on the ‘Basic Text & Picture’ template in the ‘Basic Pages’ section.
9. Click on the ‘Add Page’ button.
10. Verify the page is created in the ‘Basic Text & Picture’ template.
11. Mouse over the “Image” template icon.
12. Verify that the “Change Image” Icon appears
13. Click on the “Change Image” icon to open the “Image Toolbox” dialog.
14. Add a leaf picture using the Image toolbox.
15. Close the “Image toolbox” dialog.
16. Verify that a leaf picture appears in the target and source label boxes.
17. Click on the hamburger icon on the right side of the Bloom window.
18. Verify that the “Talking Book Tool” pane appears.
19. Click on the “More” button.
20. Verify that the additional feature boxes appear.
21. Check the “Image Description Tool” box.
22. Verify that the “Image Description Tool” pane appears.
23. Verify that the “Basic Text & Picture” page has an “Image Description” text box on the left side of the image.
24. Type 'This is for testing' in the text box.
25. Click on the “Talking Book Tool” title header.
26. Verify that the text is highlighted with yellow color in the “Image description” text box.
27. Press and hold the record button on the “Talking Book Tool” pane.
28. Record  'This is for testing' text using a microphone.
29. Verify that the “Play” button appears enabled.
30. Click on the Publish tab.
31. Verify that the navigation moves to the Publish tab.
32. Click on the “ePUB” icon on the left side pane.
33. Verify that the “Publish as ePUB” page appears.
34. Click on the “ePUB Mode” list box.
35. Select the “Flowable” option.
36. Verify that the “Include image descriptions on page” checkbox is enabled.
37. Check the  “Include image descriptions on page” box.
38. Click the “Preview” button.
39. Verify that the “Creating ePUB” dialog box appears.
40. Verify that the “Creating ePUB” dialog box should disappear.
41. Verify that the Preview tablet device now displays the content.
42. Click the next button to preview the tablet device
43. Verify the Image Description is showing on the page.
44. Click the play button above the image.
45. Verify the user can hear the audio for the image description.
46. Verify the image description appears below the images.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the basic book.
2. Close Boom application.
