---
id: 205
title: "Paratext Text is duplicated when pasted into Bloom"
description: "(376) Paratext Text is duplicated when pasted into Bloom"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-02
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Launch the Paratext Application.

**Action Steps**

1. Switch to the Bloom application.
2. Click the Basic Book Template under Sources for New Book in the left pane.
3. Verify the MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button displays in the right pane.
4. Click the MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
5. Verify that the template opens in edit mode and the edit cursor is displayed in the Title box.
6. Type "Basic Book" on the Title.
7. Click on the Add Page button from the Edit Pane.
8. Verify the Add Page... dialog appears.
9. Click the 'Just Text' template.
10. Verify the 'Just Text' template selected.
11. Click the ADD PAGE button.
12. Verify that Page "1" is added to the left pane.
13. Verify that Page "1" is editable on the right side.
14. Switch to the Paratext application.
15. Click on the first hamburger (menu) icon or press “Alt+F” keys.
16. Click on the “Switch to full menu” arrow at the bottom of the menu.
17. Click on ‘New Project…’
18. Verify that the project properties dialog box appeared.
19. Click on the “Edit” button near the Short Name field.
20. Verify that the “Edit Full Name” dialog box appeared.
21. Enter the Project name as "Test Bloom" in the Full Name field.
22. Click on the Ok button.
23. Verify that the “Edit Full Name” dialog box disappeared.
24. Select “English” as a project language in the Language dropdown.
25. Select the project type as ‘Standard Translation’ in the Type of the project.
26. Click on the “Register online” button.
27. Verify that the user are redirected to the registry page in the browser
28. Enter the mandatory details of the project and click “Submit Registration”.
29. Return to the Paratext application
30. Verify that the project is registered successfully message appeared in the Project properties dialog box
31. Click on the Ok button in the Project properties dialog box
32. Verify the Partext alert box appears.
33. Click on the Create USFM 3 button.
34. Verify the Editable pane displays with the Create Books and Import Books button.
35. Click on the Create Books button.
36. Verify that the Create Book(s) dialog box appeared
37. Click on the Choose button
38. Verify that the Books to Create dialog appeared
39. Select the Genesis Book and click ‘OK’.
40. Verify the Genesis Chapter 1 displays.
41. Click on the \v 1.
42. Type "In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth.".
43. Click on the \v 2.
44. Type "the earth was formless and empty, darkness was over the surface of the deep, and the Spirit of God was hovering over the waters."
45. Click on the \v 3.
46. Type "And God said, “Let there be light,” and there was light."
47. Click on the \v 4.
48. Type "God saw that the light was good, and he separated the light from the darkness."
49. Click on the \v 5.
50. Type " God called the light “day,” and the darkness he called “night.” And there was evening, and there was morning—the first day."
51. Click on the hamburger (menu) icon.
52. Click the Saveall.
53. Click on the Show menu button.
54. Verify the Show menus dialog appears
55. Verify the UnFormatted Option displays under the View menu.
56. Click on the UnFormatted Option.
57. Verify the Show menu dialog closes.
58. Select texts from \v 1 to \v5.
59. Press Ctrl+C.
60. Switch to the Bloom application.
61. Press Ctrl+V to paste the text.
62. Verify the verses pasted without duplication.
63. Verify the verse numbers appear as superscripts like “\v 3 ”.
64. Switch to the Paratext application.
65. Click on the Show menu button.
66. Verify the Show menus dialog appears
67. Verify the Preview Option displays under the View menu.
68. Click on the Preview Option.
69. Verify the Show menu dialog closes.
70. Select texts from 1 to 5.
71. Press Ctrl+C.
72. Switch to the Bloom application.
73. Click on the End of the Text.
74. Press Enter Key.
75. Press Ctrl+V to paste the text.
76. Verify the verses pasted without duplication.
77. Verify the verses pasted with plain text.
78. Switch to the Paratext application.
79. Click on the Show menu button.
80. Verify the Show menus dialog appears
81. Verify the Formatted Option displays under the View menu.
82. Click on the Formatted Option.
83. Verify the Show menu dialog closes.
84. Select texts from 1 to 5.
85. Press Ctrl+C.
86. Switch to the Bloom application.
87. Click on the End of the Text.
88. Press Enter Key.
89. Press Ctrl+V to paste the text.
90. Verify the verses pasted without duplication.
91. Verify the verses paste with backslash codes.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic Book Project from Bloom.
2. Close the Bloom Application.
3. Delete the "Test Bloom" from Paratext.
4. Close the Paratext Application.
