---
id: 208
title: "Check Copy/Paste color works fine"
description: "(379) Check Copy/Paste color works fine"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-02
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application

**Action Steps**

1. Verify that the ‘Sources for New Books’ section appeared on the left pane
2. Click on the ‘Moon and the Cap’ book from the Templates in the ‘Sample Shells’ section
3. Verify that the template preview is opened
4. Click on the ‘MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE’ button
5. Verify that the template is opened in the edit mode.
6. Click on the page ‘1’ thumbnail from the ‘Pages’ pane.
7. Verify that the user redirected to the 1st Page
8. Click on the text box
9. Verify that the ‘All of us went to the fun fair.’ text appears
10. Press ‘Ctrl + A’ from the keyboard
11. Verify that the format tool bar appears
12. Click on the ‘Bold’ icon
13. Verify that the selected text appeared in bold style
14. Click on the ‘Text colour button
15. Verify that the color palette opens
16. Click on the ‘Red’ color.
17. Verify that the selected text content appeared in red color.
18. Press ‘Ctrl + A’ from the keyboard
19. Verify that the text content is selected
20. Press ‘Ctrl + C’ from the keyboard
21. Verify that the text content is copied to the clipboard
22. Click on the page ‘2’ thumbnail from the ‘Pages’ pane.
23. Verify that the page ‘2’ is opened
24. Click on the text box
25. Enter new line by pressing the ‘Enter’ key from keyboard
26. Press ‘Ctrl + V’ from the keyboard
27. Verify that the copied content is pasted
28. Verify that the pasted text content appeared in ‘Red’ color with ‘Bold’ style

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Close Bloom application
