---
id: 21
title: "Reordering, copying , Pasting pages"
description: "Test case for Reordering, copying , Pasting pages"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-04
last-modified: 2025-09-15
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download any "SampleVideo.mp4" file from the internet
2. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click on the "Basic Book" Template from the Sources For New Book pane.
2. Verify that the "Basic Book" preview appears on the Right side pane.
3. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify that the “Basic Book” opens in the Edit tab
5. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left corner of the page
6. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed.
7. Select the "Custom" Template under the “Basic Pages” option.
8. Click the “ADD PAGE” button.
9. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is closed.
10. Verify that the Page "1" is added to the Pages list on the left side
11. Verify that the Page "1" layout is displayed on the right side
12. Verify that the "Picture, Video, Text or HTML Widget" link buttons are displayed on the Custom page
13. Click the 'Picture" Link button
14. Verify that the Picture pane appears on the page
15. Hover the mouse over the picture pane
16. Verify that the ‘+’ symbols appear at the top-left and bottom-right corners of the Picture pane
17. Click on the "+" symbol at the top right corner
18. Verify that the "Picture, Video, Text or HTML Widget" link buttons are displayed again on the Custom page
19. Click the "Video" link button
20. Verify that the "Video pane" is added on the Custom page
21. Switch on the "Change Layout" toggle button above page 1
22. Verify that the Edit mode is closed on the page
23. Hover the mouse over the picture pane
24. VVerify that the "Change Image" button is displayed
25. Click the "Change Image" button on the Picture pane
26. Verify that the "Image Toolbox" appears
27. Click on the search input under "Image Galleries"
28. Type "Car" on the search input
29. Click on the "Search" button
30. Verify that the search results are listed below the search input
31. Select an image from the search results
32. Click on the OK button in the "Image Toolbox"
33. Verify that the Car image is added to the page
34. Click on the "Video" pane
35. Verify that the pop up to use camera appears with “Block” and “Allow” buttons ( Only for the first time )
36. Click on the “Allow” button
37. Verify that the "Sign Language Tool" menu opens at the right pane
38. Click the "Advanced" button in the "Sign Language Tool" menu
39. Verify that the "Import" button displayed under the "Advanced" button
40. Click on the "Import" button
41. Verify that the "Open" dialog appears
42. Select the "SampleVideo.mp4" file from the system
43. Click the Open button
44. Verify that the Video file is added to the page
45. Right click on the page "1" thumbnail in the left pane
46. Verify a pop up menu opens
47. Click the 'Copy Page' option
48. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left corner of the page
49. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed.
50. Select the "Custom" Template under the “Basic Pages” option.
51. Click the “ADD PAGE” button.
52. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is closed.
53. Verify that the Page "2" is added to the Pages list on the left side
54. Verify that the Page "2" layout is displayed on the right side
55. Right click on the page "2" thumbnail in the left pane
56. Verify a pop up menu opens
57. Click the 'Paste Page' option
58. Verify that the copied Picture and Video from Page 1 are added to Page 2
59. Click and hold the Page "2" thumbnail.
60. Drag it before the Page "1" thumbnail in the left pane.
61. Release the mouse button to drop the Page "2" thumbnail
62. Verify that the page "2" displayed before page "1"

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic book.
2. Close the Bloom application.
