---
id: 210
title: "Readium preview image description audio does not play if it is the first audio on the page"
description: "(571) Readium preview image description audio does not play if it is the first audio on the page"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-11
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Type 'https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9mtzsjs9jsvw?hl=en-US&gl=US' in a browser search bar.
2. Verify eKitabu e-reader page opens.
3. Click the Download button.
4. Verify eKitabu Installer file is downloaded in the system.
5. Double click on the 'eKitabu e-reader Installer' file.
6. Verify 'eKitabu e-reader..The latest version is installed' dialog box appears.
7. Launch Bloom application
8. Click the Settings button.
9. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
10. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
11. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
12. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
13. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
14. Click the Restart button.
15. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Enter 'The Golden Touch' in the Front Cover title box.
6. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
7. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
8. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
9. Press the Enter key.
10. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
11. Click any of the Car images.
12. Click the OK button.
13. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
14. Click the Hamburger button.
15. Verify the TBT menu appears.
16. Click the More..option which appears at the bottom of the TBT menu.
17. Verify More.. menu appears.
18. Select 'Image Description Tool' checkbox.
19. Verify the ID dialog appears on the page.
20. Click on the right column of the ID dialog.
21. Enter 'This is a Car image'.
22. Click the TBT option  which appears at the bottom of the Image Description Tool menu.
23. Verify the TBT menu opens.
24. Click on the entered text on the ID dialog.
25. Verify the text is highlighted.
26. Press and Hold the Speak button.
27. Record 'This is a Car image'.
28. Release the Speak button.
29. Verify the Check button is enabled.
30. Click the Credits Page thumbnail.
31. Verify the Credits page opens.
32. Click the 'Needs Copyright' button.
33. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
34. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
35. Click the OK button.
36. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
37. Click the Add page button.
38. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
39. Select 'Basic Text & Picture' template.
40. Click the Add page button.
41. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
42. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
43. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
44. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
45. Press the Enter key.
46. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
47. Click any of the Car images.
48. Click the OK button.
49. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
50. Click on the text pane.
51. Enter ‘This is a text page’ in the text pane.
52. Verify the text gets highlighted.
53. Click on the picture pane.
54. Click on the Image Description Tool option (from the right most pane)
55. Verify the ID dialog appears on the picture pane.
56. Click on the right (text) pane of the ID dialog.
57. Enter 'This is a car image one' in the text pane.
58. Click the TBT option from the right most pane.
59. Click on the ID dialog text pane.
60. Verify the text is highlighted.
61. Press and Hold the Speak button.
62. Record 'This is a Car image one'.
63. Release the Speak button.
64. Verify the Check button is enabled.
65. Click on the text pane below the ID dialog.
66. Verify the text gets highlighted.
67. Press and Hold the Speak button.
68. Record 'This is a text page'.
69. Release the Speak button.
70. Press the Enter key.
71. Enter 'This is another text' in the text pane.
72. Click the Next button from the TBT menu.
73. Press and Hold the Speak button.
74. Record 'This is another text'.
75. Release the Speak button.
76. Click the Add page button.
77. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
78. Select 'Basic Text & Picture' template.
79. Click the Add page button.
80. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
81. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
82. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
83. Enter 'Flower' in the Search box.
84. Press the Enter key.
85. Verify Flower images appear on the preview pane.
86. Click any of the Flower images.
87. Click the OK button.
88. Verify the Flower image appears on the picture pane.
89. Click on the Image Description Tool option (from the right most pane)
90. Verify the ID dialog appears on the picture pane.
91. Click on the right (text) pane of the ID dialog.
92. Enter 'This is a flower image' in the text pane.
93. Click the TBT option from the right most pane.
94. Click on the ID dialog text pane.
95. Verify the text is highlighted.
96. Press and Hold the Speak button.
97. Record 'This is a flower image'.
98. Release the Speak button.
99. Verify the Check button is enabled.
100. Click on the text pane below the ID dialog.
101. Enter 'In the desert existed a rose and a cactus. The beautiful rose would take every opportunity to insult the cactus. The other plants tried to defend the cactus, but the rose was too obsessed with its own looks. ' in the text pane.
102. Click the Next button from the TBT menu.(from the rightmost pane)
103. Verify a sentence in the text pane gets highlighted.
104. Click the 'Advanced' button.
105. Select 'By Whole Text Box' Recording Mode.
106. Verify the whole text in the paragraph gets highlighted.
107. Press and Hold the Speak button.
108. Record 'This is a text page'.
109. Release the Speak button.
110. Press the Enter key.
111. Enter 'This is another text' in the text pane.
112. Click the Next button from the TBT menu.
113. Press and Hold the Speak button.
114. Record 'In the desert existed a rose and a cactus. The beautiful rose would take every opportunity to insult the cactus. The other plants tried to defend the cactus, but the rose was too obsessed with its own looks.'
115. Release the Speak button.
116. Click the Publish tab.
117. Click the ePUB button.
118. Verify Publish as ePUB view opens.
119. Click the 'Save' button.
120. Verify Creating ePUB dialog opens.
121. Verify Save As dialog opens.
122. Click the Save button.
123. Verify the book is saved in the documents folder.
124. Click the Close button of the Publishing dialog.
125. Press Ctrl+ E to open File Explorer.
126. Verify the File Explorer window opens.
127. Click the Documents option from the left pane.
128. Verify the Documents folder opens.
129. Verify the The Golden Touch.ePUB file appears.
130. Double click on the .ePUB file.
131. Verify the book opens in the eKitabu Reader.
132. Click the 'ActivateReadaloud' speaker button.
133. Verify the audio of the Image description should be played in the Front cover page.
134. Verify the next page appears automatically.
135. Verify the audio of the Image description should be played in the Front cover page.
136. Verify the text in the text pane should be highlighted and the audio should be heard.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Uninstall eKitabu Reader.
2. Delete Subscription code.
3. Delete ‘The Golden Touch’ book.
4. Close Bloom application.
