---
id: 213
title: "Review the results in ePUB in Fixed mode"
description: "(574) Review the results in ePUB in Fixed mode"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-02
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Click on the ‘Settings’ icon in the Standard toolbar
3. Verify that the ‘Settings’ dialog appeared
4. Click on the ‘Bloom Subscription’ tab
5. Paste the code (Test-727011-1339) in the ‘subscription code’ text box
6. Click on the ‘Restart’ button
7. Verify that the Bloom application is restarted

**Action Steps**

1. Verify that the ‘Sources for New Books’ section appeared on the left pane
2. Click on the ‘Basic book’ from the Templates
3. Verify that the template preview is opened
4. Click on the ‘MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE’ button
5. Verify that the ‘Basic book’ template is opened in the edit mode.
6. Click on the ‘Front cover’ template
7. Click on the ‘Add Page’ button
8. Verify that the ‘Just a Picture’ template is added to the book
9. Enter the text “The Universal Kingdom” in the “Book title in English” textbox
10. Click on the Hamburger menu from the top right corner of the application
11. Click on the ‘More…’ option on the bottom of the right side pane
12. Click on the ‘Image Description Tool’ checkbox
13. Verify that the ‘Image container text box’ appeared on the book
14. Click on the ‘Talking Book Tool’ menu
15. Verify that the ‘Advanced’ button appears
16. Click on the ‘Advanced’
17. Verify that the 'By Sentence' radio button is selected by default in the ‘Recording mode’ section
18. Click on the ‘Text box’ in the editor pane
19. Verify that the title text ‘The Universal Kingdom’ is highlighted
20. Click and Hold the ‘Speak’ button on the ‘Talking Book Tool’ on the Right side pane
21. Speak text ‘The Universal Kingdom’ using the microphone.
22. Verify that the ‘Audio visualizer’ appeared when recording the audio.
23. Release the ‘Speak’ button
24. Click on the “Publish” tab
25. Click on the ‘ePUB ’ button on the Left pane
26. Verify that the ‘Publish as ePUB’ page opened
27. Verify that the ‘ePUB mode’ dropdown is enabled
28. Select the mode as ‘Fixed - ePUB 3’ in the ‘ePUB mode’ dropdown
29. Click on the ‘Preview’ button
30. Verify that the ‘Creating ePUB…’ dialog appeared
31. Click on the ‘Close’ button
32. Click on the ‘Play’ button appeared on the preview header
33. Verify that the ‘The Universal Kingdom’ text is highlighted

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Close Bloom application.
