---
id: 215
title: "Bloom should remember the state of checkboxes"
description: "(577) Bloom should remember the state of checkboxes"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-04
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. ) Click on the ‘Settings’ icon in the Standard toolbar
3. )  Verify that the ‘Settings’ dialog appeared
4. ) Click on the ‘Bloom Subscription’ tab
5. ) Paste the code (Test-727011-1339) in the ‘subscription code’ text box
6. ) Click on the ‘Restart’ button
7. ) Verify that the Bloom application is restarted

**Action Steps**

1. Click the “Basic Book” from the “Source for New Books” section in the left pane.
2. Verify “MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE” button get displayed on the right pane.
3. Click the “MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE” button in the right pane.
4. Verify the book opens in edit mode.
5. Click the “Front Cover” thumbnail from the left pane.
6. Enter ‘Universal Kingdom’ in the “Book title in English.” in the middle pane
7. Click the hamburger menu (three lines) in the top-right corner of the right pane.
8. Verify that the default menu shows “Talking Book Tool.”
9. Click “More…” at the bottom of the menu.
10. Verify that the following tools are displayed:

• Decodable Reader Tool

• Image Description Tool

• Impairment Visualizer

• Leveled Reader Tool

• Motion Tool

• Music Tool

• Overlay Tool

• Sign Language Tool

11 Click the checkbox in the Image Description Tool
12. Verify that the Image Description text box appears in the middle pane.
13. Click the “Talking Book Tool” menu.
14. Click “Advanced.”
15. Verify that the Advanced menu opens with:

◦ Insert Segment Marker

◦ Recording Mode

▪By Sentence

▪ By Whole Text Box

◦Two toggle switches:

▪ Show Playback Order buttons

▪ Show Image descriptions
16. Verify that the ‘By Sentence’ radio button is enabled by default in Recording Mode.
17. Verify that ‘Universal Kingdom’ is highlighted in yellow in the middle pane.
18. Go to “Talking Book Tool” from the hamburger menu.
19. Click the Record button (labeled “3 Speak”).
20. Press and hold the Record button to begin recording.
21. Record ‘Universal Kingdom’ using a microphone.
22. Release the Record button.
23. Click “More…” again at the bottom of the menu.
24. Verify that the Image Description Tool is still checked.
25. Close the Bloom application.
26. Reopen the Bloom application.
27. Verify that Bloom opens successfully.
28. Click the newly created book ‘Universal Kingdom’ from the left pane.
29. Click “Edit this book” from the right-side pane.
30. Verify the book opens in edit mode.
31. Click the hamburger menu from the top-right corner of the right pane.
32. Click “More…” at the bottom.
33. Verify that the tools are displayed as before in step 10.
34. Verify that the Image Description Tool is still checked.
35. Click the following page thumbnails from the left pane

◦ Inside Front Cover

◦ Title Page

◦ Credits Page

◦ Inside Back Cover

◦ Outside Back Cover
36. Verify that the Image Description Tool remains checked.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Remove the Subscription Code.
2. Close Bloom application.
