---
id: 216
title: "Check Switch Collections in Bloom works fine"
description: "(642) Check Switch Collections in Bloom works fine"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-02
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the "Other Collection" button from the toolbar.
2. Verify that the "Open/Create Collections" dialog box is displayed.
3. Click the "Create New Collection" button.
4. Verify that the "Create New Bloom Collection" dialog box is displayed.
5. Type "tamil" in the "Search by name, code, or country" field.
6. Verify "Tamil ta" is displayed.
7. Select "Tamil ta" in the "Choose Language" dialog box.
8. Verify that the scripts are displayed under "Tamil ta".
9. Select the script "Tamil".
10. Verify that the "Next" button is enabled.
11. Click the "Next" button.
12. Verify that the page navigates to the "Font and Script" page.
13. Click the "Next" button.
14. Verify that the page navigates to the "Give Language Location" page.
15. Click the "Next" button.
16. Verify that the page navigates to the "Collection Name" page.
17. Click the "Next" button.
18. Verify that the page navigates to the "Ready to Create New Collection" page.
19. Click the "Finish" button.
20. Verify that the Bloom application restarts.
21. Verify that "தமிழ் Books" is displayed in the left pane.
22. Click the "Other Collection" button from the toolbar.
23. Verify that the "Open/Create Collections" dialog box is displayed.
24. Click the "Create New Collection" button.
25. Verify that the "Create New Bloom Collection" dialog box is displayed.
26. Type "hindi" in the "Search by name, code, or country" field.
27. Verify "Hindi hi" is displayed.
28. Select "Hindi hi" in the "Choose Language" dialog box.
29. Verify that the scripts are displayed under "Hindi hi".
30. Select the script "Devanagari (Nagari)".
31. Verify that the "Next" button is enabled.
32. Click the "Next" button.
33. Verify that the page navigates to the "Font and Script" page.
34. Click the "Next" button.
35. Verify that the page navigates to the "Give Language Location" page.
36. Click the "Next" button.
37. Verify that the page navigates to the "Collection Name" page.
38. Click the "Next" button.
39. Verify that the page navigates to the "Ready to Create New Collection" page.
40. Click the "Finish" button.
41. Verify that the Bloom application restarts.
42. Verify that "मानक हिन्दी Books" is displayed in the left pane.
43. Click the "Other Collection" button from the toolbar.
44. Verify that the "Open/Create Collections" dialog box is displayed.
45. Click "English Books".
46. Verify that the Bloom application restarts.
47. Verify that "English Books" is displayed in the left pane.
48. Click the "Other Collection" button from the toolbar.
49. Verify that the "Open/Create Collections" dialog box is displayed.
50. Click "தமிழ் Books".
51. Verify that the Bloom application restarts.
52. Verify that "தமிழ் Books" is displayed in the left pane.
53. Click the "Other Collection" button from the toolbar.
54. Verify that the "Open/Create Collections" dialog box is displayed.
55. Click "मानक हिन्दी Books".
56. Verify that the Bloom application restarts.
57. Verify that "मानक हिन्दी Books" is displayed in the left pane.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Close the Bloom application.
