---
id: 217
title: "Resizing Bloom"
description: "(643) Resizing Bloom"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-04
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download a ‘Bloom library Logo’ image from the web
2. Launch Bloom application
3. Click on the Settings button on the Standard toolbar
4. Click on the ‘Bloom Subscription’ tab in the ‘Settings’ dialog
5. Paste the code ‘Test-727011-1339’ in the ‘Subscription code’ text box
6. Click on the ‘Restart’ button
7. Verify that the ‘Bloom’ application is restarted

**Action Steps**

1. Verify that the ‘Sources For New Books’ section appeared on the left pane
2. Click on the ‘Basic book’ from the Templates
3. Verify that the template preview is opened
4. Click on the ‘MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE’ button
5. Verify that the ‘Basic book’ template is opened in the edit mode
6. Verify that the ‘Pages’ pane appeared on the left
7. Click on the ‘Add Page’ button
8. Verify that the ‘Add Page…’ dialog appeared
9. Click on the 'Basic Text & Picture' template
10. Click on the ‘Add Page’ button
11. Verify that the 'Basic Text & Picture’ page is added to the book
12. Hover over the image
13. Verify that the ‘Change image’ button appeared
14. Click on the ‘Change image’ button
15. Verify that the ‘Image Toolbox’ dialog appeared
16. Click on the ‘File’ button
17. Verify that the ‘Choose Picture file’ window appeared
18. Select the ‘Bloom library logo’ image downloaded from the web’
19. Verify that the image preview appeared on the ‘Image Toolbox’ dialog
20. Click on the ‘Ok’ button
21. Verify that the ‘Bloom library logo’ image is added to the image section in the page
22. Click on the text box
23. Enter the text ‘This is Bloom Library logo’
24. Click on the ‘Hamburger menu’ on the top right corner of the application
25. Click on the ‘More’ button at the bottom of the menu Pane
26. Click on the ‘Overlay Tool’ checkbox
27. Verify that the ‘Overlay tool’ menu appeared
28. Click and drag the ‘Speech bubble’ overlay into the ‘Image section’ of the page
29. Type “Bloom Logo” in the speech bubble overlay
30. Click on the ‘Minimize window’ button of the application window
31. Verify that the ‘Bloom’ application window is minimized
32. Click on the ‘Bloom application’ on the task bar
33. Verify that the ‘Bloom application’ is opened
34. Verify that the ‘Bloom logo’ text appeared on the ‘Speech bubble’ overlay
35. Click on the ‘Maximize/Restore’ window button near the close window button
36. Verify that the ‘Bloom’ application window is resized
37. Verify that the ‘Bloom logo’ text appeared on the ‘Speech bubble’ overlay
38. Click and drag on the corner of the window to reduce the window size
39. Verify that the ‘Bloom logo’ text appeared on the ‘Speech bubble’ overlay
40. Verify that the ‘Page’ should resized and visible
41. Verify that the ‘Bloom library’ logo should be visible
42. Verify that the ‘Pages’ pane, ‘Editor’ pane and ‘Menu’ pane should be visible
43. Verify that the text box shift appropriately
44. Verify the scroll bar shift appropriately

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Remove the Subscription Code.
2. Delete the ‘Basic book’ from the collections tab
3. Close the Bloom application.
