---
id: 218
title: "Install Bloom using UI language"
description: "(644) Install Bloom using UI language"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-10-22
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Removed Bloom folder from C:\Users\UserName\AppData\Local
2. Remove Bloom folder from C:\Users\UserName\AppData\Local\SIL
3. Restart Windows
4. Download the latest version of BloomInstaller.exe file (eg.,BloomInstaller.x.x.xxxx.xxx) from Bloomlibrary.org site.

**Action Steps**

1. Double click on the latest version of BloomInstaller.exe file.
2. Verify Bloom x.x installation dialog opens.
3. Click the 'I accept the terms of the license agreement' button.
4. Verify 'Open/Create Collections' dialog opens.
5. Click the UI language pulldown menu.
6. Click 'Tamil' language.
7. Verify the Tamil UI language appears in the 'Open/Create Collections' dialog.
8. Click the 'Open/Create collections' button which appears in Tamil UI.
9. Verify the Choose Language dialog appears in Tamil UI.
10. Enter'ta' in the Search box.
11. Verify Tamil language bar appears.
12. Click the 'Tamil' language bar.
13. Verify 'Tamil' script bar appears.
14. Click the 'Tamil' script bar.
15. Click the 'Next' button in Tamil UI.
16. Verify Font and Script dialog appears.
17. Click the Next button.
18. Verify the Give language location dialog appears in Tamil UI.
19. Click the Next button in Tamil UI.
20. Verify the Tamil Book Collection Name name appears as the Book Collection name.
21. Click the Next button in Tamil UI.
22. Verify Ready to Create New Collection (appears in Tamil UI) dialog opens.
23. Click the Finish button.
24. Verify the Bloom application is restarted.
25. Verify the Bloom application appears with Tamil UI.
26. Verify the Software Updates dialog opens.
27. Verify the Software Updates dialog appears in the Tamil UI.
28. Click 'Just let me know about the new version' radio button.
29. Click the OK button.
30. Click the Help button.
31. Verify the UI language appears in Tamil.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Tamil Book Collection.
2. Close Bloom application.
