---
id: 219
title: "Check Copyright icon and text update appropriately in book"
description: "(646) Check Copyright icon and text update appropriately in book"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-04
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Verify that the ‘Sources For New Books’ section appeared on the left pane
2. Click on the ‘Basic book’ from the Templates
3. Verify that the template preview is opened
4. Click on the ‘MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE’ button
5. Verify that the ‘Basic book’ template is opened in the edit mode
6. Click the "Credits Page" in the Pages section
7. Verify that the "Credits Page" is opened
8. Verify that 'Needs Copyright' button appeared in the "Credits Page"
9. Click on the 'Needs Copyright' button
10. Verify that the "Copyright and License" dialog opened
11. Enter a text 'Tester' in the "Copyright Holder" text box
12. Click the OK button
13. Verify that the "Copyright and License" dialog closed
14. Verify the 'Needs Copyright' button disappeared in the "Credits Page"
15. Verify that the "Tester" text appeared next to the "Copyright 2025" text
16. Click on the 'Click to Edit Copyright & License' button
17. Verify that the "Copyright and License" dialog opened
18. Click the License tab
19. Verify that “Everyone is allowed to” radio button is selected by default
20. Click 'Anyone can use it however they want' radio button
21. Click the OK button
22. Verify that the "Copyright and License" dialog closed
23. Verify the Copyright logo changed to "Public Domain"
24. Click on the 'Click to Edit Copyright & License' button
25. Verify that the "Copyright and License" dialog opened
26. Click the License tab
27. Click 'No one can modify or copy it..' radio button
28. Click the OK button
29. Verify that the "Copyright and License" dialog closed
30. Verify that the Copyright logo replaced with a message “For permission to reuse, contact the copyright holder"
31. Click on the 'Click to Edit Copyright & License' button
32. Verify that the "Copyright and License" dialog opened
33. Click the License tab
34. Click the 'Other' radio button
35. Verify that the textbox appeared under the 'Other' radio button
36. Enter a text 'Test' in the text box
37. Click the OK button
38. Verify that the "Copyright and License" dialog closed
39. Verify the Copyright logo changed to "Test"

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the ‘Basic book’ from the collections tab
2. Close the Bloom application
