---
id: 22
title: "File & Folder naming tests"
description: "Test case for File & Folder naming tests"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-04
last-modified: 2025-09-15
---

# Steps

Setup Steps
1. Launch the Bloom application.
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify that the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify that the Bloom Subscription tab is displayed.
6. Enter Test-727011-1339 in the Subscription Code field.
7. Confirm that the Restart button appears in place of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.

Action Steps
1. Click the “Moon and the Cap” book from the “Sample Shells” in the Sources for New Books section from the left side pane .
2. Verify that the Moon and the Cap book preview opens  in the right side pane.
3. Verify that the  “MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button  appeared in the right pane.
4. Click the MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
5. Verify that the Moon and the Cap book opens in Edit mode.
6. Click the Collection tab at the top right.
7. Verify that you are navigated to the Collections section.
8. Right-click on the Moon and the Cap thumbnail in the left pane or press F2 on the keyboard.
9. Verify that the right-click displays the options menu:

o    Rename Book

o    Duplicate Book

o    Show in File Explorer

o    Delete Book

o    More
10. Click Rename Book.
11. Verify that  “The Moon and the Cap” Captions  is highlighted for editing.
12. Type “TestBook" in the caption field.
13. Press the Enter key.
14. Verify that the book is renamed successfully.
15. Press F2 again.
16. Verify that  “TestBook”  captions  are highlighted for editing..
17. Remove the 'TestBook' captions, then copy and paste the following characters into the caption field: " ?:&<>" "{} "
18. Press Enter.
19. Verify that the caption name changes to (Book or Book 1 or Book 2, etc). Note: The number assigned will depend on the existing book captions already added.)
20. Click EDIT THIS BOOK from the right pane.
21. Verify that the Moon and the Cap book opens in Edit mode.
22. Click the Publish tab at the top.
23. Verify that you are navigated to the Publish section.
24. Click ePUB from the left pane.
25. Verify that the ePUB page opens.
26. Click the Save button.
27. Verify that the 'Creating ePUB' dialog opens after loading, followed by the 'Save As' dialog.
28. In the Save As dialog, enter the filename: Unsafe ~!@#$%^&*()_-+={}[]|\:;"'<>.?/
29. Click Save.
30. Verify that a warning message dialog  appears: "Unsafe ~!@#$%^&amp;*()_-+={}[]|\:;"'<>.?/The file name is not valid" appears.
31. Click OK.
32. Verify that the warning dialog is closed.
33. Delete the invalid characters from the filename field.
34. Enter Book-Copy2 as the new filename.
35. Click Save.
36. Verify that Book-Copy2 is successfully saved at:

Path (C:\Users\<UserName(e.g., Bharani)>\Documents
37. Verify that the Save As dialog is closed.
38. Click Close on the Creating ePUB dialog.
39. Verify that the Creating ePUB dialog is closed.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the ‘ Book’ collection.
2. Close Bloom application.
