---
id: 221
title: "Check Xmatter pack in the book collection"
description: "(648) Check Xmatter pack in the book collection"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-04
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
10. Install Bloom Reader app in the Android Mobile.
11. Connect the Android Mobile to the computer using a USB cable.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the "The Moon and the Cap" book from the left pane.
2. Verify that the "The Moon and the Cap" book appears on the right pane.
3. Click the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button above the book.
4. Verify that the "The Moon and the Cap" book is opened in the "Edit" mode.
5. Click the "Collections" tab from the standard toolbar.
6. Verify that the "Collections" view is displayed.
7. Click "Settings" from the standard toolbar.
8. Verify that the "Settings" dialog box is displayed.
9. Click the "Book Making" tab from the "Settings" dialog box.
10. Click "Device" in the "Front/Back Matter Pack" list box.
11. Click the "Restart" button.
12. Verify that the application is restarted.
13. Click the "Edit" tab.
14. Verify that the "Edit" tab is displayed.
15. Click the Publish tab.
16. Click the BloomPUB button.
17. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view appears.
18. Select 'Send over USB Cable' radio button.
19. Click the CONNECT WITH USB CABLE button.
20. Verify the Publishing dialog appears.
21. Verify "You can now read "The Moon and the Cap" in the Bloom Reader" message.
22. Click the Close button.
23. Open Bloom Reader app in the Android mobile.
24. Verify 'The Moon and the Cap' book thumbnail appears.
25. Tap on the 'The Moon and the Cap' book thumbnail.
26. Verify the book opens in the Bloom Reader.
27. Navigate to the last page.
28. Tap to the Previous page.
29. Verify the Credits page appears.
30. Tap to the Previous page.
31. Verify the front matter pages appear in this back cover.
32. Click the "Collections" tab from the standard toolbar.
33. Verify that the "Collections" view is displayed.
34. Click "Settings" from the standard toolbar.
35. Verify that the "Settings" dialog box is displayed.
36. Click the "Book Making" tab from the "Settings" dialog box.
37. Click "Paper Saver" in the "Front/Back Matter Pack" list box.
38. Click the "Restart" button.
39. Verify that the application is restarted.
40. Click the "Edit" tab.
41. Verify that the "Edit" tab is displayed.
42. Click the Credits Page.
43. Verify the credits page appears on the inside of the front cover. (which appears in blue color next to Front Cover page)
44. Click the "Collections" tab from the standard toolbar.
45. Verify that the "Collections" view is displayed.
46. Click "Settings" from the standard toolbar.
47. Verify that the "Settings" dialog box is displayed.
48. Click the "Book Making" tab from the "Settings" dialog box.
49. Click "SIL-PNG" in the "Front/Back Matter Pack" list box.
50. Click the "Restart" button.
51. Verify that the application is restarted.
52. Click the "Edit" tab.
53. Verify that the "Edit" tab is displayed.
54. Verify an empty Inside Front Cover page thumbnail appears before the Front Cover page thumbnail.
55. Verify a Title page appears after the Inside Front cover page.
56. Verify the credits page shows 'Publisher's address: SIL PNG Ukarumpa, EHP 444, PNG' on the top of the page.
57. Click the "Collections" tab from the standard toolbar.
58. Verify that the "Collections" view is displayed.
59. Click "Settings" from the standard toolbar.
60. Verify that the "Settings" dialog box is displayed.
61. Click the "Book Making" tab from the "Settings" dialog box.
62. Click "Super Paper Saver" in the "Front/Back Matter Pack" list box.
63. Click the "Restart" button.
64. Verify that the application is restarted.
65. Click the "Edit" tab.
66. Verify that the "Edit" tab is displayed.
67. Click Inside Front Cover page thumbnail.
68. Verify the title page content appears inside of the inside front cover.
69. Click the Inside Back Cover page thumbnail.
70. Verify the credits page content appears on the inside of the inside back cover
71. Click the "Collections" tab from the standard toolbar.
72. Verify that the "Collections" view is displayed.
73. Click "Settings" from the standard toolbar.
74. Verify that the "Settings" dialog box is displayed.
75. Click the "Book Making" tab from the "Settings" dialog box.
76. Click "Traditional" in the "Front/Back Matter Pack" list box.
77. Click the "Restart" button.
78. Verify that the application is restarted.
79. Click the "Edit" tab.
80. Verify that the "Edit" tab is displayed.
81. Verify the Credits page appears after the Title page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Remove the Subscription Code.
2. Delete The Moon and the Cap book.
3. Remove USB cable from the computer.
4. Close Bloom application.
