---
id: 222
title: "Check Settings Protection link button in Settings dialog"
description: "(649) Check Settings Protection link button in Settings dialog"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-10-26
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the "Moon and the Cap" book in the left pane under Sample Shells in Source for New Books.
2. Verify that the book preview appears in the right pane and the button displays "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE".
3. Click the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify that the page redirects to the Edit Book page.
5. Click the "Collections" tab located at the top-left corner.
6. Verify that the "EDIT THIS BOOK" button is displayed in the right-side pane.
7. Click the "Settings" button from the toolbar at the top-right corner.
8. Verify that the Settings dialog opens.
9. Click the "Settings Protection" hyperlink located at the bottom of the dialog.
10. Verify that the Settings Protection dialog opens.
11. Check the checkbox "Hide the button that opens settings".
12. Click the OK button.
13. Verify that the Settings, Other Collection, and Languages buttons disappear from the standard toolbar on the main page (top-right).
14. Press the Ctrl + Shift keys.
15. Verify that the Settings, Other Collection, and Languages  flash on the standard toolbar.
16. Hold down the Ctrl + Shift keys and click the "Settings" button from the standard toolbar.
17. Verify that the Settings dialog opens.
18. Click the "Settings Protection" hyperlink at the bottom of the dialog.
19. Verify that the Settings Protection dialog opens.
20. Uncheck the checkbox "Hide the button that opens settings".
21. Check the checkbox "Require the factory password to get into settings".
22. Verify that the message appears: "Factory password for these settings is 'b7loom'. If you forget it, you can always visit the Bloom support page."
23. Click the OK button.
24. Verify that the Settings Protection Password dialog appears.
25. Enter 'b7loom' in the Factory Password text box.
26. Verify that the OK button is enabled.
27. Click the OK button.
28. Verify that the Settings Protection Password dialog is closed.
29. Click OK in the Settings dialog.
30. Verify that the Settings dialog is closed.
31. Click the Settings button from the standard toolbar.
32. Verify that the Settings Protection Password dialog appears.
33. Enter 'b7loom' in the Factory Password field.
34. Click the OK button.
35. Verify that the Settings dialog opens.
36. Click the "Settings Protection" hyperlink.
37. Verify that the Settings Protection dialog opens.
38. Uncheck the checkbox "Require the factory password to get into settings".
39. Click the OK button.
40. Verify that the Settings Protection dialog is closed.
41. Click OK in the Settings dialog.
42. Verify that the Settings, Other Collection, and Languages appear by default on the toolbar..

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the"Moon and the Cap“ book.
2. Close Bloom application.
