---
id: 223
title: "Check Help buttons leads to open relevant help topics, (at least three main tabs)"
description: "(650) Check Help buttons leads to open relevant help topics, (at least three main tabs)"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-04
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Click on the ‘Settings’ icon in the Standard toolbar
3. Verify that the ‘Settings’ dialog appeared
4. Click on the ‘Bloom Subscription’ tab
5. Paste the code (Test-727011-1339) in the ‘subscription code’ text box
6. Click on the ‘Restart’ button
7. Verify that the Bloom application is restarted

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Collections tab
2. Click on the "Get Help" dropdown menu in the top right corner
3. Verify that a list of dropdown options is displayed.
4. Select the "Help" option from the dropdown list
5. Verify that the "Bloom Help" dialog is opened
6. Verify that the topic "Collections tab tasks overview" is opened inside the Help dialog
7. Click on the "Close (X)" button in the "Bloom Help" dialog
8. Verify that the "Bloom Help" dialog closed
9. Click the Edit tab
10. Click on the "Get Help" dropdown menu in the top right corner
11. Verify that a list of dropdown options is displayed.
12. Select the "Help" option from the dropdown list
13. Verify that the "Bloom Help" dialog is opened
14. Verify that the topic "Edit tab tasks overview" is opened inside the Help dialog
15. Click on the "Close (X)" button in the "Bloom Help" dialog
16. Verify that the "Bloom Help" dialog closed
17. Click the Publish tab
18. Click on the "Get Help" dropdown menu in the top right corner
19. Verify that a list of dropdown options is displayed.
20. Select the "Help" option from the dropdown list
21. Verify that the "Bloom Help" dialog is opened
22. Verify that the topic "Publish tab tasks overview" is opened inside the Help dialog
23. Click on the "Close (X)" button in the "Bloom Help" dialog
24. Verify that the "Bloom Help" dialog closed
25. Click the Collections tab
26. Click the Settings button in the toolbar
27. Verify that the Settings dialog opened
28. Click the Help button in the Settings dialog
29. Verify that the "Bloom Help" dialog is opened
30. Verify that the topic "Change or Set languages" is opened inside the Help dialog
31. Click on the "Close (X)" button in the "Bloom Help" dialog
32. Verify that the "Bloom Help" dialog closed
33. Click the "Book Making" tab in the Settings dialog
34. Click the Help button in the Settings dialog
35. Verify that the "Bloom Help" dialog is opened
36. Verify that the topic "Using the Book Making tab" is opened inside the Help dialog
37. Click on the "Close (X)" button in the "Bloom Help" dialog
38. Verify that the "Bloom Help" dialog closed
39. Click the "Project Information" tab in the Settings dialog
40. Click the Help button in the Settings dialog
41. Verify that the "Bloom Help" dialog is opened
42. Verify that the topic "Enter project information" is opened inside the Help dialog
43. Click on the "Close (X)" button in the "Bloom Help" dialog
44. Verify that the "Bloom Help" dialog closed
45. Click the "Bloom Subscription" tab in the Settings dialog
46. Click the Help button in the Settings dialog
47. Verify that the "Bloom Help" dialog is opened
48. Verify that the topic "Enter your Subscription Code" is opened inside the Help dialog
49. Click on the "Close (X)" button in the "Bloom Help" dialog
50. Verify that the "Bloom Help" dialog closed
51. Click the "Advanced Program Settings" tab in the Settings dialog
52. Click the Help button in the Settings dialog
53. Verify that the "Bloom Help" dialog is opened
54. Verify that the topic "Settings dialog box" is opened inside the Help dialog
55. Click on the "Close (X)" button in the "Bloom Help" dialog
56. Verify that the "Bloom Help" dialog closed
57. Click OK button in the Settings dialog
58. Verify that the Settings dialog closed
59. Verify that the ‘Sources For New Books’ section is displayed on the left pane
60. Scroll down the section and confirm that the "Moon and the Cap" book is listed under Sample Shells
61. Click the "Moon and the Cap" book
62. Verify that the "Moon and the Cap" book preview is opened in the right pane
63. Click on the ‘MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE’ button
64. Verify that the "Moon and the Cap" book is opened in the edit mode
65. Click on the Hamburger Menu in the top right corner
66. Verify that the "Talking Book Tool" menu opened
67. Click the Help button located at the bottom of the "Talking Book Tool" menu
68. Verify that the "Bloom Help" dialog is opened
69. Verify that the topic "Talking Book Tool overview" is opened inside the Help dialog
70. Click on the "Close (X)" button in the "Bloom Help" dialog
71. Verify that the "Bloom Help" dialog closed
72. Click the "More.." button located at the bottom of the "Talking Book Tool" menu
73. Verify that the "More.." menu opened
74. Click the "Overlay Tool" check box
75. Verify that the "Overlay Tool" menu opened
76. Click the Help button located at the bottom of the "Overlay Tool" menu
77. Verify that the "Bloom Help" dialog is opened
78. Verify that the topic "Overlay Tool overview" is opened inside the Help dialog
79. Click on the "Close (X)" button in the "Bloom Help" dialog
80. Verify that the "Bloom Help" dialog closed

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Remove the Subscription Code.
2. Delete the ‘Basic book’ from the collections tab
3. Close the Bloom application.
