---
id: 227
title: "Copying image metadata to all images not working for certain license categories"
description: "(659) Copying image metadata to all images not working for certain license categories"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-05
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download the “Car” and “Flower” images from the internet and save them to the local system
2. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click on the ‘Basic Book’ template from the Templates section on the left pane
2. Verify that the ‘Basic Book’ template is opened in the preview mode
3. Click on the “MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE”
4. Verify that the ‘Basic Book’ template is opened in the edit mode
5. Click the "Front cover" page from the Pages section
6. Verify that the "Front cover" page opens in the right side
7. Place the mouse cursor over the "Front cover" page
8. Verify that "Change image" button appeared in the picture pane
9. Click the "Change image" button
10. Verify that the "Image Toolbox" opens
11. Click the "File" button in the "Image Toolbox"
12. Verify that "Choose Picture File" dialog opens
13. Select the "Car" image that was downloaded and saved on the local system
14. Click "Open" button in the "Choose Picture File" dialog
15. Verify that the selected "Car" image appeared on the "Image Toolbox" dialog
16. Click "OK" button in the "Image Toolbox" dialog
17. Verify that the selected "Car" image appeared in the picture pane
18. Click the "Add page" button in the left pane
19. Verify that the "Add Page.." dialog opens
20. Click the 'Basic Text & Picture' template from the "Basic Pages" section
21. Click the "Add Page" button
22. Verify that the "Basic Text & Picture" page opens in the right side
23. Place the mouse cursor over the "Basic Text & Picture" page
24. Verify that "Change image" button appeared in the picture pane
25. Click the "Change image" button
26. Verify that the "Image Toolbox" opens
27. Click the "File" button in the "Image Toolbox"
28. Verify that "Choose Picture File" dialog opens
29. Select the "Flower" image that was downloaded and saved on the local system
30. Click "Open" button in the "Choose Picture File" dialog
31. Verify that the selected "Flower" image appeared on the "Image Toolbox" dialog
32. Click "OK" button in the "Image Toolbox" dialog
33. Verify that the selected "Flower" image appeared in the "Basic Text & Picture" page
34. Place the mouse cursor over the "Flower" page
35. Verify that the "Copyright" icon appears
36. Click the "Copyright" button
37. Verify that "Copyright and License" dialog opens
38. Enter the text 'Testername' in the "Illustrator/Photographer" textbox
39. Enter the text 'Tester' in the "Copyright Holder" textbox
40. Click the OK button
41. Verify a warning message 'Copy this information to all other pictures in this book?' dialog appears with a "Yes" or "No" button
42. Click the "Yes" button
43. Click the "Front cover" page from the Pages section
44. Place the mouse cursor over the “Car”  page
45. Verify that the "Copyright" icon appears
46. Click the "Copyright" button
47. Verify that "Copyright and License" dialog opens
48. Verify that the dialog displays the same information for the photographer and copyright holder name

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the “Basic book” in the "Collections" tab
2. Close Bloom application.
