---
id: 228
title: "Check there should be no ckeditor or other user interface leftovers in saved book"
description: "(660) Check there should be no ckeditor or other user interface leftovers in saved book"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-04
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application

**Action Steps**

1. Click the "Basic Book".
2. Verify that the book preview is displayed in the right pane.
3. Click the “MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE” button.
4. Verify that “Basic Book” opens in edit mode.
5. Click the "Front cover" page.
6. Type "Sample Book" in the "BOOK title in English" field.
7. Hover the mouse over the picture icon in the "Front cover" page.
8. Verify that the "Change image" button is displayed.
9. Click the "Change image' button in the picture pane.
10. Verify the "Image Toolbox" dialog box opens.
11. Click the File button.
12. Verify "Choose Picture Files" dialog box opens.
13. Click the valid ".png" image from the "Choose Picture Files" dialog box.
14. Click the Open Key.
15. Verify that the selected image appears on the "Image Toolbox" dialog box.
16. Click the OK button.
17. Verify that the selected picture appears in the Front cover page.
18. Navigate to the "Collection" tab.
19. Verify that the "Sample Book" is displayed under the "English Books" area.
20. Right click the "Sample Book".
21. Select the "Show in File Explorer" option from the submenu.
22. Verify that the folder named "Sample Book" is displayed.
23. Double-click the folder named "Sample Book" to open it.
24. Verify that the "Sample Book.html" file is displayed.
25. Open the "Sample Book.html" file with notepad.
26. Verify that the "Sample Book" file is opened in the notepad.
27. Verify that there should be no instance of "ckeditor or other user interface leftovers" should be found.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the "Sample Book".
2. Close Bloom application.
