---
id: 229
title: "Check memory usage when we use book with lots of pictures"
description: "(665) Check memory usage when we use book with lots of pictures"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-04
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Open the web browser
2. Navigate to the URL “https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/19-0X1h01PmTTfxq46j6wTrEueiZwS3JV” (Need Developer’s approval to access the folder)
3. Download Large dictionary book “Eric Ding Picture Dictionary (original)“  from “https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/19-0X1h01PmTTfxq46j6wTrEueiZwS3JV” (Needs Developer’s approval).
4. Extract the zip file downloaded from the above step
5. Open the extracted folder (“Eric Ding Picture Dictionary (original)”).
6. Double click on the file “Picture Dictionary” of the type “Bloom book collection”

**Action Steps**

1. Verify that the Bloom application is opened
2. Verify that the "Eric Ding Picture Dictionary (original)" is opened in the preview mode
3. Right-click on the Standard toolbar.
4. Verify a popup menu opens.
5. Click "Start Measuring Performance" from the popup menu.
6. Verify the "Bloom Performance Measurement" Page opens in a browser.
7. Navigate to the Bloom application.
8. Select the first book under ‘Eric Ding Picture Dictionary (original)’ named "ᦗᦸᧇ ᦅᧄ ᦺᦑ ᦅᧄ ᦠᦸᧉ ᦅᧄ ᦁᧂ ᦂᦲᧆ ᦵᦵᦂᧉ ᦺᦃ ᦔᦳᧂᧈ ᦷᦣᧇ ᦠᦹᧉ ᦟᦴᧅ ᦀᦸᧃᧈ".
9. Click on the "Edit this book" button
10. Verify that the book is opened in the "Edit" mode.
11. Click on the "page 1" thumbnail in the "Pages" pane.
12. Navigate to the 'Bloom Performance Measurement' Page opens in a browser.
13. Verify that the performance data (Memory usage in MB/GB and Time in seconds) is recorded and displayed in the Bloom Performance Measurement graph after pasting the text.
14. Navigate to the Bloom application.
15. Click on the "page 12" thumbnail in the "Pages" pane.
16. Navigate to the 'Bloom Performance Measurement' Page opens in a browser.
17. Verify that the performance data (Memory usage in MB/GB and Time in seconds) is recorded and displayed in the Bloom Performance Measurement graph after pasting the text.
18. Navigate to the Bloom application.
19. Click on the "page 26" thumbnail in the "Pages" pane.
20. Navigate to the 'Bloom Performance Measurement' Page opens in a browser.
21. Verify that the performance data (Memory usage in MB/GB and Time in seconds) is recorded and displayed in the Bloom Performance Measurement graph after pasting the text.
22. Navigate to the Bloom application.
23. Click on the "page 35" thumbnail in the "Pages" pane.
24. Navigate to the 'Bloom Performance Measurement' Page opens in a browser.
25. Verify that the performance data (Memory usage in MB/GB and Time in seconds) is recorded and displayed in the Bloom Performance Measurement graph after pasting the text.
26. Navigate to the Bloom application.
27. Click on the "page 50" thumbnail in the "Pages" pane.
28. Navigate to the 'Bloom Performance Measurement' Page opens in a browser.
29. Verify that the performance data (Memory usage in MB/GB and Time in seconds) is recorded and displayed in the Bloom Performance Measurement graph after pasting the text.
30. Navigate to the Bloom application.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Large dictionary book “Eric Ding Picture Dictionary (original)” from the collections tab.
2. Close the Bloom application.
