---
id: 23
title: "Image Compression using BloomPUB tab"
description: "Test case for Image Compression using BloomPUB tab"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-04
last-modified: 2025-10-29
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download a picture files ‘1 Samuel.jpg’, 2 Dylan.jpg (or any other 4K resolution picture)  from the given link: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1xcWi23RsdpzHPxVclwzPImryzNfch9zX (Needs Developer’s approval)
2. Download and install the latest version of BloomPUB Viewer from the given link : https://dev.bloomlibrary.org/page/resources/bloompub-viewer
3. Launch Bloom application
4. Click the Settings button.
5. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
6. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
7. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
8. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
9. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
10. Click the Restart button.
11. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book under Templates.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
4. Enter ‘Image Compression’ in the front cover title box.
5. Click the Add Page button.
6. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
7. Select "Just a Picture" template.
8. Click the Add page button.
9. Verify the Picture page is added.
10. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
11. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
12. Click the File button.
13. Verify Choose Picture File dialog opens.
14. Click the Downloads option.
15. Verify the Downloads folder opens.
16. Select '1 Samuel.jpg' file.
17. Click the Open button.
18. Verify the image appeared on the preview pane.
19. Click the OK button.
20. Verify the image appears on the picture page.
21. Click the Add Page button.
22. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
23. Select "Basic Text & Picture" template.
24. Click the Add page button.
25. Verify the 'Basic Text & Picture' page is added.
26. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
27. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
28. Click the File button.
29. Verify Choose Picture File dialog opens.
30. Click the Downloads option.
31. Verify the Downloads folder opens.
32. Select '2 Dylan.jpg' file.
33. Click the Open button.
34. Verify the image appeared on the preview pane.
35. Click the OK button.
36. Verify the image appears on the picture pane.
37. Click the Book Settings button.
38. Verify the Book Settings dialog opens.
39. Click the BloomPUB tab.
40. Hover the mouse over the blue round button.
41. Verify the tooltip shows '1280x720' resolution.
42. Click the OK button.
43. Click the Publish tab.
44. Click the BloomPUB button.
45. Click the Preview button.
46. Verify the book opens in the preview pane.
47. Navigate to all pages.
48. Verify the picture appears correctly.
49. Click the Save button.
50. Verify the Save As dialog opens.
51. Click the 'Save' button.
52. Verify a Publishing dialog appears.
53. Click the Close button.
54. Verify the book saved as Image Compression.bloomPUB file.
55. Press Windows + E keys.
56. Verify the file explorer window opens.
57. Click the Documents option from the left pane.
58. Verify the Documents folder opens.
59. Double click on Image Compression.bloomPUB file.
60. Verify the book opens in the BloomPUB Viewer.
61. Navigate to all pages.
62. Verify the pictures appear correctly.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Basic book.
3. Uninstall the BloomPUB Viewer.
4. Close Bloom application.
