---
id: 230
title: "Thumbnail highlighting not updated when navigating to a new page in a very large book"
description: "(666) Thumbnail highlighting not updated when navigating to a new page in a very large book"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-04
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Open the web browser
2. Navigate to the URL “https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/19-0X1h01PmTTfxq46j6wTrEueiZwS3JV” (Need Developer’s approval to access the folder)
3. Download Large dictionary book “Eric Ding Picture Dictionary (original)“  from “https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/19-0X1h01PmTTfxq46j6wTrEueiZwS3JV” (Needs Developer’s approval).
4. Extract the zip file downloaded from the above step
5. Open the extracted folder (“Eric Ding Picture Dictionary (original)”).
6. Double click on the file “Picture Dictionary” of the type “Bloom book collection”

**Action Steps**

1. Verify that the Bloom application is opened
2. Verify that the ‘Eric Ding Picture Dictionary (original)’ is opened in the preview mode
3. Click on the ‘Edit this book’ button
4. Verify that the book is opened in the ‘Edit’ mode
5. Click on the page ‘1’ thumbnail in the ‘Pages’ pane
6. Click on the ‘Add Page’ button
7. Verify that the ‘Add Page…’ dialog opened
8. Click on the 'Just a Picture' template.
9. Click on the ‘Add Page’ button
10. Verify that the ‘Just a Picture’ page template is added to the book
11. Verify that the ‘Just a picture’ page template is added next to the page ‘1’
12. Verify that the ‘Just a picture’ page thumbnail is selected and highlighted in the ‘Pages’ pane
13. Click on the page ‘1’ thumbnail in the ‘Pages’ pane
14. Verify that the page ‘1’ appeared on the ‘Edit’ pane

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Remove the Large dictionary book “Eric Ding Picture Dictionary (original)” from the collections tab.
2. Close the Bloom application.
