---
id: 231
title: "Check Eric Ding’s Dictionary performance in Bloom"
description: "(667) Check Eric Ding’s Dictionary performance in Bloom"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-11
---

# Steps

**Setup steps**

1. Open the web browser
2. Open to the URL “https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/19-0X1h01PmTTfxq46j6wTrEueiZwS3JV” (Need Developer’s approval to access the folder)
3. Download Large dictionary book “Eric Ding Picture Dictionary (original)“  from “https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/19-0X1h01PmTTfxq46j6wTrEueiZwS3JV” (Needs Developer’s approval).
4. Extract the zip file downloaded from the above step
5. Open the extracted folder (“Eric Ding Picture Dictionary (original)”).
6. Double click on the file “Picture Dictionary” of the type “Bloom book collection”

Action steps
1. Verify that the Bloom application is launched
2. Right-click on the Standard toolbar
3. Verify a popup menu opens
4. Click on the 'Start Measuring Performance'
5. Verify that the ‘Bloom performance page’ is opened in the browser
6. Open Bloom application
7. Click on the ‘Eric Ding Picture Dictionary’
8. Click on the ‘MAKE A BOOK USING THIS  SOURCE’ button
9. Verify that the book opens in the edit mode
10. Click on the Publish tab.
11. Click on the PDF & Print button
12. Verify that ‘Publish to PDF & Print’ page opens
13. Click on the ‘Simple’ in the ‘Booklet Mode’
14. Verify that the PDF file is successfully created
15. Click on the ‘Save PDF…’ button
16. Verify that the ‘Save as’ dialog opens
17. Click on the Save button
18. Verify that the PDF is saved successfully
19. Click on the Publish tab.
20. Click on the ‘ePUB’ button
21. Verify that the ‘Publish as ePUB’ page opens
22. Click on the Preview button
23. Verify that the file opens in the Preview pane
24. Click on the Save button
25. Verify that the ‘Save as’ dialog opens
26. Click on the Save button
27. Verify the book is saved as ePUB file
28. Click on the Publish tab
29. Click on the BloomPUB button
30. Verify that the ‘Publish as BloomPUB’ page opens
31. Click on the ‘Preview’ button
32. Verify that the ‘Creating Digital Book’ dialog appears
33. Click on the Close button
34. Verify that the book appears on the preview pane.
35. Click on the “Save BloomPUB File” radio button
36. Click on the ‘SAVE…’ button
37. Verify that the ‘Save as’ dialog opens
38. Click on the Save button
39. Verify that the book is saved as a BloomPUB file
40. Verify that the ‘Bloom application’ responds smoothly

**Cleanup steps**

1. Removed Eric Ding's dictionary book.
2. Close the Bloom Performance Measurement page.
3. Close Bloom application.
