---
id: 232
title: "Large memory leak in Page Thumbnail list with huge SL books"
description: "(668) Large memory leak in Page Thumbnail list with huge SL books"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-10-17
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download Huge Sign Language book from the given link : https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1z0f7PdQywE8azia4qeEvRsU5v3doHM4O (Needs Developer's approval)
2. Extract the zip file.
3. Verify Very Large SL Book folder appears.
4. Double click on the Very Large SL Book folder.
5. Verify the Folder opens.
6. Extract 1GB Sign Language Book.zip file.
7. Verify 1GB Sign Language Book folder appears.
8. Double click on Tanzanian Sign Language Vitabu.bloombook collection file.
9. Verify the book opens in the Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Right-click on the Bloom toolbar.
2. Verify a popup menu opens.
3. Click 'Start Measuring Performance'
4. Verify the 'Bloom Performance Measurement' Page opens in a browser window.
5. Minimize the browser window.
6. Click 'bloom tz khuesabu' book thumbnail under Book Collection. (in Bloom)
7. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
8. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
9. Click Page 5 thumbnail.
10. Click Page 16 thumbnail. (Or navigate through 10 or so pages)
11. Click 53 thumbnail.
12. Click 10 thumbnail.
13. Scroll down in the page list.
14. Click Page 120 thumbnail.
15. Click Page 125 thumbnail.
16. Scroll down in the page list.
17. Click Page 148 thumbnail.
18. Click Page 150 thumbnail.
19. Click Page 159 thumbnail.
20. Scroll down in the page list.
21. Click Page 168 thumbnail.
22. Hover the mouse over the Video page.
23. Click the Play button.
24. Verify the Video plays.
25. Click Page 163 thumbnail.
26. Scroll up in the page list.
27. Click Page 142 thumbnail.
28. Verify that no warning messages indicating memory leaks appear duing this process.
29. Open 'Bloom Performance Measurement' page.
30. Verify that memory usage does not continuously increase while navigating pages.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Close  'Bloom Performance Measurement' Page.
2. Close the Huge SL book
3. Close Bloom application.
