---
id: 233
title: "Collections with complex books can be open without undue delay"
description: "(669) Collections with complex books can be open without undue delay"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download English Bible Stories book collection from the given link: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1IRQ4Oww6jbIbDUPC3CKlgwRZBFjCH0cZ (Needs developers approval)
2. Extract the zip file.
3. Double click on the 'English Bible Stories' Bloom Book Collection.
4. Verify the book collection opens in the Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click on any book thumbnail under 'English Bible Stories' book collection.(eg., 11. The Passover)
2. Verify the book preview immediately appears on the right pane.
3. Click 'The Ten Plagues' book thumbnail.
4. Verify the book preview immediately appears on the right pane.
5. Click Edit this book button.
6. Verify the book immediately opens on the edit view.
7. Click 'The Deliverers' book thumbnail.
8. Verify the book preview immediately appears on the right pane.
9. Click Edit this book button.
10. Verify the book immediately opens on the edit view.
11. Click 'Stephen and Philip' book thumbnail.
12. Verify the book preview immediately appears on the right pane.
13. Click Edit this book button.
14. Verify the book immediately opens on the edit view.
15. Right-Click 'Jesus Returns' book thumbnail.
16. Verify a context menu appears.
17. Click the 'Duplicate Book' option.
18. Verify a duplicate book is created under Book collections.
19. Duplicated it several times.
20. Verify there is no delay to create the duplicate books.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete English Bible Stories collection.
2. Close Bloom application.
