---
id: 234
title: "Page Thumbnail List is so slow it prevents working with Picture Dictionary"
description: "(670) Page Thumbnail List is so slow it prevents working with Picture Dictionary"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-04
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Open the web browser
2. Navigate to the URL “https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/19-0X1h01PmTTfxq46j6wTrEueiZwS3JV” (Need Developer’s approval to access the folder)
3. Download the Large dictionary book “Eric Ding Picture Dictionary (original)“  from “https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/19-0X1h01PmTTfxq46j6wTrEueiZwS3JV” (Needs Developer’s approval).
4. Extract the zip file downloaded from the above step
5. Open the extracted folder (“Eric Ding Picture Dictionary (original)”).
6. Launch the Bloom application.
7. Right-click on the bloom toolbar.
8. Verify the menu list appears.
9. Select the "Start Measuring Performance"
10. Verify the 'Bloom Performance Measurement' page appears in a browser.

**Action steps**

1. Click the "Other Collection" button at the top of the right-hand corner.
2. Verify the "Open/Create Collections" dialog appears.
3. Click the "Browse for another collection on this computer" button.
4. Verify the "Open collection" system dialog appears.
5. Select the “Eric Ding Picture Dictionary (original)“book collection.
6. Verify the “Eric Ding Picture Dictionary (original)“ collection appears on the Bloom application.
7. Verify the “Eric Ding Picture Dictionary (original)“ collection appears in edit mode.
8. Select a book from the left pane under “Eric Ding Picture Dictionary (original)” from the collection tab.
9. Click the "Edit this book" button.
10. Verify the navigation moves on the "Edit" tab.
11. Click the "Page 1" thumbnail.
12. Verify the triangle button appears for "Page 1"
13. Click the triangle button of the Page1 thumbnail.
14. Verify the menu list appears.
15. Select the "Remove Page" option.
16. Verify the "Really Remove Page?" dialog appears.
17. Click the "Remove" button
18. Verify that the thumbnail should be updated quickly.
19. Verify there is no slow performance in opening the page.
20. Click the "Page 2" thumbnail.
21. Verify the triangle button appears for "Page 2"
22. Click the triangle button of the Page 2 thumbnail.
23. Verify the menu list appears.
24. Select the "Duplicate Page" option.
25. Verify that the duplicate page is added.
26. Verify that the thumbnail should be updated quickly.
27. Verify there is no slow performance in opening the page.
28. Verify that the focus moved on the duplicated page.
29. Click the "Page 3" thumbnail.
30. Hold and Move Page 3 after Page 4.
31. Verify that Page number 3 is replaced with Page 4.
32. Verify that Page number 4 is replaced with Page 3.
33. Verify that the thumbnail should be updated quickly.
34. Verify there is no slow performance in opening the page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Remove the Large dictionary book “Eric Ding Picture Dictionary (original)” from the collections tab.
2. Close 'Bloom Performance Measurement' Page.
3. Close the Bloom application.
