---
id: 235
title: "Collection book preview caches images too much"
description: "(674) Collection book preview caches images too much"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-04
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Open the web browser
2. Navigate to the URL “https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1IRQ4Oww6jbIbDUPC3CKlgwRZBFjCH0cZ” (Need Developer’s approval to access the folder)
3. Download the Large dictionary book “English Bible Stories“  from “https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1IRQ4Oww6jbIbDUPC3CKlgwRZBFjCH0cZ” (Needs Developer’s approval).
4. Extract the zip file downloaded from the above step
5. Open the extracted folder (“English Bible Stories”).
6. Launch the Bloom application.
7. Right-click on the bloom toolbar.
8. Verify the menu list appears.
9. Select the "Start Measuring Performance"
10. Verify the 'Bloom Performance Measurement' page appears in a browser.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the "Other Collection" button at the top of the right-hand corner.
2. Verify the "Open/Create Collections" dialog appears.
3. Click the "Browse for another collection on this computer" button.
4. Verify the "Open collection" system dialog appears.
5. Select the “English Bible Stories“book collection.
6. Verify the “English Bible Stories“ collection appears on the Bloom application.
7. Verify the “English Bible Stories“ collection appears in edit mode.
8. Select a book from the left pane under “English Bible Stories” from the collection tab.
9. Click the "Edit this book" button.
10. Verify the navigation moves on the "Edit" tab.
11. Click the "Book1" thumbnail.
12. Verify the Book cover image opens in the Preview pane on the right side.
13. Click the "Book4" thumbnail.
14. Verify the Book cover image opens in the Preview pane on the right side.
15. Verify the Book thumbnail updates from Book1 to Book4.
16. Click the "Book10" thumbnail.
17. Verify the Book cover image opens in the Preview pane on the right side.
18. Verify the Book thumbnail updates from Book 4 to Book 10.
19. Click the "Book 46" thumbnail.
20. Verify the Book cover image opens in the Preview pane on the right side.
21. Verify the Book thumbnail updates from Book 10 to Book 46.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Remove the Large dictionary book “English Bible Stories” from the collections tab.
2. Close 'Bloom Performance Measurement' Page.
3. Close the Bloom application.
