---
id: 236
title: "Pasting large amount of text causes text to wrap vertically"
description: "(676) Pasting large amount of text causes text to wrap vertically"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-04
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Open http://www.lipsum.com/ in the browser.
2. Copy 4 paragraphs from http://www.lipsum.com
3. Launch Bloom application
4. Right-click on the Standard toolbar.
5. Verify a popup menu opens.
6. Click 'Start Measuring Performance'
7. Verify the 'Bloom Performance Measurement' Page opens in a browser.

**Action Steps**

1. Navigate to Bloom application.
2. Click the "Basic Book" from the left pane.
3. Click the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button
3. Verify that the book is opened  in the "Edit" tab.
4. Click the "Add Page" button from the left pane.
5. Verify that the "Add Page..." dialog box is displayed.
6. Select the "Just Text" template.
7. Click the "ADD PAGE" button in the "Add Page..." dialog box.
8. Verify that the new page is created (e.g. Page 1).
9. Paste the copied text in the newly created page.
10. Verify that all 4 paragraphs are pasted correctly.
11. Open the "Bloom Performance Measurement" in the browser.
12. Verify that there is no slow performance in bloom.
13. Click the "Add Page" button from the left pane.
14. Verify that the "Add Page..." dialog box is displayed.
15. Select the "Just Text" template.
16. Click the "ADD PAGE" button in the "Add Page..." dialog box.
17. Verify that the new page is created.
18. Paste the copied text in the newly created page.
19. Verify that all 4 paragraphs are pasted correctly.
20. Verify a vertical scroll bar appears to wrap the 4 paragraphs texts vertically.
20. Open the "Bloom Performance Measurement" in the browser.
21. Verify that there is no slow performance in bloom.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Book.
2. Close 'Bloom Performance Measurement' Page.
3. Close Bloom application.
