---
id: 239
title: "Check Bloom is responsive when open a large book collection"
description: "(671)Check Bloom is responsive when open a large book collection"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-05
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download  "SBC E1&E2 English books RISE 1.1 (July 2019).bloompack" from https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1z0f7PdQywE8azia4qeEvRsU5v3doHM4O (Needs Developers approval)
2. Launch Bloom application
3. Click the Settings button.
4. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
5. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
6. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
7. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
8. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
9. Click the Restart button.
10. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Actions Steps**

1. Double click on the downloaded “SBC E1&E2 English books RISE 1.1 (July 2019)”.Bloom pack.
2. Navigate to Bloom application.
3. Verify “SBC E1&E2 English books RISE 1.1 (July 2019)” bloom pack books get displayed under the “Sources for new Books” pane.
4. Click the book "(1-2)Lost Forever" from the left pane under "SBC E1&E2 English books RISE 1.1 (July 2019)".
5. Verify that the book is displayed in the right pane.
6. Click the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
7. Verify that the page is displayed in the "Edit" view.
8. Click the "Collections" tab.
9. Verify that the collections view is displayed.
10. Click the book "(1-3)Little Caterpillar" from the left pane under "SBC E1&E2 English books RISE 1.1 (July 2019)".
11. Verify that the book is displayed in the right pane.
12. Click the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
13. Verify that the page is displayed in the "Edit" view.
14. Click the "Hamburger" menu.
15. Verify that the "Talking Book Tool" is displayed.
16. Select the device to record the audio in step 1.
17. Verify that the icon of the selected device is displayed correctly.
18. Click and hold the “Speak” button" and record the audio "I am a little caterpillar".
19. Release the radio button after speaking.
20. Click the "Check" button in step 4.
21. Verify that the recorded audio is playable and the application is responsive and works faster.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete Subscription code.
2. Delete SBC E1&E2 English books RISE 1.1 book.
3. Close Bloom application.
