---
id: 24
title: "Cover tab"
description: "Test case for Cover tab"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-04
last-modified: 2025-10-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Connect the Android Mobile (with Bloom Reader installed) via USB Cable to the computer.
2. Launch Bloom application
3. Click the Settings button.
4. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
5. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
6. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
7. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
8. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
9. Click the Restart button.
10. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
11. Click the Settings button.
12. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
13. Click the 'Change' link button under the Local Language field.
14. Verify the Choose Language dialog opens.
15. Type English on the Search bar.
16. Verify 'English' language appears under the search bar.
17. Click 'English' language.
18. Click the OK button.
19. Verify the 'English(en) language appears as Local Language.
20. Click the 'Change' link button under the National Language field.
21. Verify the Choose Language dialog opens.
22. Type 'french' on the Search bar.
23. Verify 'francais' language appears under the search bar.
24. Click 'francais' language.
25. Click the OK button.
26. Verify the 'francais(fr)' language appears as a National Language.
27. Click the 'Set' link button under the Regional Language field.
28. Verify the Choose Language dialog opens.
29. Type 'german' on the Search bar.
30. Verify 'Deutsch (Standard German)' language appears under the search bar.
31. Click 'Deutsch' language.
32. Click the 'Latin' script.
33. Click the OK button.
34. Verify the 'Deutsch(de)' language appears as a Regional Language.
35. Click the Restart button.
36. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
37. Click the Settings button.
38. Verify English (en) appears as Local Language.
39. Verify francais (fr) appears as a National Language.
40. Verify Deutsch(de) appears as a Regional Language.
41. Click the OK button.
42. Verify the Settings dialog closes.
43. Close the Bloom application.
44. Open a Browser.
45. Type "https://bloomlibrary.org/bible/open-bible-stories/book/Whjpd8A87e" in the Search bar.
46. Press the Enter key.
47. Verify '26. Jesus Starts His Ministry' book opens on the bloomlibrary.org site.
48. Click the 'Translate into your language' button.
49. Verify 'Downloading Book' progress bar opens.
50. Click the OK button in the Download Complete dialog.
51. Verify the book opens in the Bloom Editor.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
2. Verify the Book appears in the Edit mode.
3. Click the Book Settings button from the Standard toolbar.
4. Verify the Book Settings dialog opens.
5. Click the Cover tab.
6. Verify the Front Cover menu opens.
7. Verify all the installed languages in the book are displayed in the Cover menu.
8. Verify the English language is selected by default and grayed out.
9. Verify the French language is selected by default.
10. Verify the German (Deutsch) language is not selected by default.
11. Click the OK button.
12. Click the Publish tab.
13. Click the BloomPUB button.
14. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
15. Verify English is greyed out under Text Languages.
16. De-select 'francais' language under Text Languages.
17. De-select 'Deutsch' language under Text Languages.
18. Click the PREVIEW button.
19. Verify the Book opens in the Bloom Player.
20. Verify there is no globe icon (language chooser) appearing on the front cover page.
21. Navigate to all the pages.
22. Verify that only English texts appear in all the pages.
23. Select 'Send over USB Cable' option.
24. Click the CONNECT WITH USB CABLE button.
25. Verify the Publishing dialog opens.
26. Click the Close button.
27. Open the Bloom Reader in the Android Mobile.
28. Tap the Hamburger button.
29. Verify the File menu opens.
30. Tap the 'Open BloomPUB file' option.
31. Verify the file manager folder opens.
32. Tap '26. Jesus Starts His Ministry'.bloomPUB file.
33. Verify the book opens in the Bloom Reader.
34. Verify that there is no globe icon (language chooser) appearing on the front cover page.
35. Navigate to all the pages.
36. Verify that only english texts appear in all the pages.
37. Click the Web button.
38. Verify Publish to Web view opens.
39. Click the 'Click to fix' link button which appears under the 'Missing Copyright' label.
40. Verify 'Copyright and License' dialog opens.
41. Type 'Tester' in the 'Copyright Holder' text box.
42. Click the OK button.
43. Click all the three checkboxes under 'Agreements' topic.
44. Verify 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button gets enabled.
45. Click 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
46. Verify a 'Sign in / Sign up' dialog opens.
47. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
48. Verify 'Sign in with email' dialog opens.
49. Type a valid email (eg., shawn@eth.net) in the Email text box.
50. Click the Next button.
51. Type a valid password (eg., B123456@u) in the Password text box.
52. Click the 'SIGN IN' button.
53. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' green button appears under Upload heading in Publish to Web view.
54. Click the 'UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button.
55. Verify Upload Progress message appears on the screen.
56. Wait for a few seconds.
57. Verify 'VIEW ON BLOOMLIBRARY' green button appears under 'Your Book on Bloomlibrary.org' heading.
58. Click the 'VIEW ON BLOOMLIBRARY' button.
59. Verify the book opens dev.bloomlibrary.org site.
60. Verify ‘English’ language only appears under Book title.
61. Verify 'This book has recently arrived in the Bloom Library..' green box message appears.
62. Wait for a minute.
63. Press F5 key to refresh the page.
64. Verify the 'READ' button appears.
65. Click the 'READ' button.
66. Verify the Book opens in the Bloom Player.
67. Verify that there is no globe icon (language chooser) appearing on the front cover page.
68. Navigate to all the pages.
69. Verify that only english texts appear in all the pages.
70. Close the browser window.
71. Click the 'PDF & Print' button. (in Publish\Bloom)
72. Verify Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
73. Click the 'Simple' Booklet Mode option.
74. Verify the PDF file is created and appear on the screen.
75. Navigate to all the pages.
76. Verify that only english texts appear in all the pages.
77. Click the BloomPUB button.
78. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
79. Verify English is greyed out under Text Languages.
80. Select 'Deutsch' language under Text Languages.
81. Click the PREVIEW button.
82. Verify the Book opens in the Bloom Player.
83. Verify that there a globe icon (language chooser) appears on the front cover page.
84. Navigate to all the pages.
85. Verify that only english texts appear in all the pages.
86. Click on the globe icon.
87. Verify 'Languages in this book' dialog opens.
88. Verify English language is selected by default.
89. Select 'Deutsch(German) language.
90. Click the Close button.
91. Verify that all the texts appear in German language.
92. Select 'Send over USB Cable' option.
93. Click the CONNECT WITH USB CABLE button.
94. Verify the Publishing dialog opens.
95. Click the Close button.
96. Open the Bloom Reader in the Android Mobile.
97. Tap the Hamburger button.
98. Verify the File menu opens.
99. Tap the 'Open BloomPUB file' option.
100. Verify the file manager folder opens.
101. Tap '26. Jesus Starts His Ministry'.bloomPUB file.
102. Verify the book opens in the Bloom Reader.
103. Verify that there a globe icon (language chooser) appears on the front cover page.
104. Navigate to all the pages.
105. Verify that only english texts appear in all the pages.
106. Click on the globe icon.
107. Verify 'Languages in this book' dialog opens.
108. Verify English language is selected by default.
109. Select 'Deutsch(German) language.
110. Click the Close button.
111. Verify that all the texts appear in German language.
112. Click the Web button (in Bloom Editor).
113. Verify Publish to Web view opens.
114. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' green button appears under Upload heading in Publish to Web view.
115. Click the 'UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button.
116. Verify Upload Progress message appears on the screen.
117. Verify 'Is this an update of your existing book?' Collision ID box opens.
118. Click the 'Yes, I want to update this book' option.
119. Click the UPLOAD button.
120. Wait for a few seconds.
121. Verify 'VIEW ON BLOOMLIBRARY' green button appears under 'Your Book on Bloomlibrary.org' heading.
122. Click the 'VIEW ON BLOOMLIBRARY' button.
123. Verify the book opens dev.bloomlibrary.org site.
124. Verify 'English and German' Languages appears under the Book title.
125. Wait for a minute.
126. Press F5 key to refresh the page.
127. Verify the 'READ' button appears.
128. Click the 'READ' button.
129. Verify the Book opens in the Bloom Player.
130. Verify that there is a globe icon (language chooser) appearing on the front cover page.
131. Navigate to all the pages.
132. Verify that only english texts appear in all the pages.
133. Click on the globe icon.
134. Verify 'Languages in this book' dialog opens.
135. Verify English language is selected by default.
136. Select 'Deutsch(German) language.
137. Verify that all the texts appear in German language.
138. Close the Browser window.
139. Click the 'PDF & Print' button. (in Publish\Bloom)
140. Verify Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
141. Click the 'Simple' Booklet Mode option.
142. Verify the PDF file is created and appear on the screen.
143. Navigate to all the pages.
144. Verify that only english texts appear in all the pages.
145. Click the BloomPUB button.
146. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
147. Verify English is greyed out under Text Languages.
148. De-Select 'Deutsch' language under Text Languages.
149. Select 'francais' language under Text Languages.
150. Click the PREVIEW button.
151. Verify the Book opens in the Bloom Player.
152. Verify that there a globe icon (language chooser) appears on the front cover page.
153. Navigate to all the pages.
154. Verify that only english texts appear in all the pages.
155. Click on the globe icon.
156. Verify 'Languages in this book' dialog opens.
157. Verify English language is selected by default.
158. Select 'francais(French)’ language.
159. Verify that all the texts appear in French language.
160. Select 'Send over USB Cable' option.
161. Click the CONNECT WITH USB CABLE button.
162. Verify the Publishing dialog opens.
163. Click the Close button.
164. Open the Bloom Reader in the Android Mobile.
165. Tap the Hamburger button.
166. Verify the File menu opens.
167. Tap the 'Open BloomPUB file' option.
168. Verify the file manager folder opens.
169. Tap '26. Jesus Starts His Ministry'.bloomPUB file.
170. Verify the book opens in the Bloom Reader.
171. Verify that there a globe icon (language chooser) appears on the front cover page.
172. Navigate to all the pages.
173. Verify that only english texts appear in all the pages.
174. Click on the globe icon.
175. Verify 'Languages in this book' dialog opens.
176. Verify English language is selected by default.
177. Select 'francais(French)' language.
178. Verify that all the texts appear in French language.
179. Click the Web button (in Bloom Editor).
180. Verify Publish to Web view opens.
181. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' green button appears under Upload heading in Publish to Web view.
182. Click the 'UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button.
183. Verify Upload Progress message appears on the screen.
184. Verify 'Is this an update of your existing book?' Collision ID box opens.
185. Click the 'Yes, I want to update this book' option.
186. Click the UPLOAD button.
187. Wait for a few seconds.
188. Verify 'VIEW ON BLOOMLIBRARY' green button appears under 'Your Book on Bloomlibrary.org' heading.
189. Click the 'VIEW ON BLOOMLIBRARY' button.
190. Verify the book opens dev.bloomlibrary.org site.
191. Verify 'English and French(francais)' Languages appears under the Book title.
192. Wait for a minute.
193. Press F5 key to refresh the page.
194. Verify the 'READ' button appears.
195. Click the 'READ' button.
196. Verify the Book opens in the Bloom Player.
197. Verify that there is a globe icon (language chooser) appearing on the front cover page.
198. Navigate to all the pages.
199. Verify that only english texts appear in all the pages.
200. Click on the globe icon.
201. Verify 'Languages in this book' dialog opens.
202. Verify English language is selected by default.
203. Select 'French(francais)' language.
204. Verify that all the texts appear in French language.
205. Close the browser window.
206. Click the 'PDF & Print' button. (in Publish\Bloom)
207. Verify Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
208. Click the 'Simple' Booklet Mode option.
209. Verify the PDF file is created and appear on the screen.
210. Navigate to all the pages.
211. Verify that only english texts appear in all the pages.
212. Click the BloomPUB button.
213. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
214. Verify English is greyed out under Text Languages.
215. Select 'Deutsch' language under Text Languages.
216. Select 'francais' language under Text Languages.
217. Click the PREVIEW button.
218. Verify the Book opens in the Bloom Player.
219. Verify that there is a globe icon (language chooser) appears on the front cover page.
220. Navigate to all the pages.
221. Verify that only english texts appear in all the pages.
222. Click on the globe icon.
223. Verify 'Languages in this book' dialog opens.
224. Verify English language is selected by default.
225. Select 'francais(French)' language.
226. Verify that all the texts appear in French language.
227. Click on the globe icon.
228. Verify 'Languages in this book' dialog opens.
229. Select 'Deutsch(German)' language.
230. Verify that all the texts appear in German language.
231. Select 'Send over USB Cable' option.
232. Click the CONNECT WITH USB CABLE button.
233. Verify the Publishing dialog opens.
234. Click the Close button.
235. Open the Bloom Reader in the Android Mobile.
236. Tap the Hamburger button.
237. Verify the File menu opens.
238. Tap the 'Open BloomPUB file' option.
239. Verify the file manager folder opens.
240. Tap '26. Jesus Starts His Ministry'.bloomPUB file.
241. Verify the book opens in the Bloom Reader.
242. Verify that there a globe icon (language chooser) appears on the front cover page.
243. Navigate to all the pages.
244. Verify that only english texts appear in all the pages.
245. Click on the globe icon.
246. Verify 'Languages in this book' dialog opens.
247. Verify English language is selected by default.
248. Select 'francais(French)' language.
249. Verify that all the texts appear in French language.
250. Click on the globe icon.
251. Verify 'Languages in this book' dialog opens.
252. Select 'Deutsch(German)' language.
253. Verify that all the texts appear in German language.
254. Click the Web button (in Bloom Editor).
255. Verify Publish to Web view opens.
256. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' green button appears under Upload heading in Publish to Web view.
257. Click the 'UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button.
258. Verify Upload Progress message appears on the screen.
259. Verify 'Is this an update of your existing book?' Collision ID box opens.
260. Click 'Yes, I wan to update this book' option.
261. Click the UPLOAD button.
262. Wait for a few seconds.
263. Verify 'VIEW ON BLOOMLIBRARY' green button appears under 'Your Book on Bloomlibrary.org' heading.
264. Click the 'VIEW ON BLOOMLIBRARY' button.
265. Verify the book opens dev.bloomlibrary.org site.
266. Verify 'English, French(francais) and German' Languages appears under the Book title.
267. Wait for a minute.
268. Press F5 key to refresh the page.
269. Verify the 'READ' button appears.
270. Click the 'READ' button.
271. Verify the Book opens in the Bloom Player.
272. Verify that there is a globe icon (language chooser) appearing on the front cover page.
273. Navigate to all the pages.
274. Verify that only english texts appear in all the pages.
275. Click on the globe icon.
276. Verify 'Languages in this book' dialog opens.
277. Verify English language is selected by default.
278. Select 'francais(French)' language.
279. Verify that all the texts appear in French language.
280. Click on the globe icon.
281. Verify 'Languages in this book' dialog opens.
282. Select 'Deutsch(German)' language.
283. Verify that all the texts appear in German language.
284. Close the Browser window.
285. Click the 'PDF & Print' button. (in Publish\Bloom)
286. Verify Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
287. Click the 'Simple' Booklet Mode option.
288. Verify the PDF file is created and appear on the screen.
289. Navigate to all the pages.
290. Verify that only english texts appear in all the pages.
291. Click the Edit tab.
292. Click the Book Settings button from the Standard toolbar.
293. Verify the Book Settings dialog opens.
294. Verify the Front Cover menu opens.
295. De-select the 'Show Topic' checkbox.
296. Click the OK button.
297. Verify the topic (eg., Bible) appears at the bottom of the Front cover page disappears.
298. Click the BloomPUB button.
299. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
300. Click the PREVIEW button.
301. Verify the Book opens in the Bloom Player.
302. Verify the topic (eg., Bible) is not displayed on the Front cover page.
303. Select 'Send over USB Cable' option.
304. Click the CONNECT WITH USB CABLE button.
305. Verify the Publishing dialog opens.
306. Click the Close button.
307. Open the Bloom Reader in the Android Mobile.
308. Tap the Hamburger button.
309. Verify the File menu opens.
310. Tap the 'Open BloomPUB file' option.
311. Verify the file manager folder opens.
312. Tap '26. Jesus Starts His Ministry'.bloomPUB file.
313. Verify the book opens in the Bloom Reader.
314. Verify the topic (eg., Bible) is not displayed on the Front cover page.
315. Click the Web button (in Bloom Editor).
316. Verify Publish to Web view opens.
317. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' green button appears under Upload heading in Publish to Web view.
318. Click the 'UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button.
319. Verify Upload Progress message appears on the screen.
320. Verify 'Is this an update of your existing book?' Collision ID box opens.
321. Click the 'Yes, I want to update this book' option.
322. Click the UPLOAD button.
323. Wait for a few seconds.
324. Verify 'VIEW ON BLOOMLIBRARY' green button appears under 'Your Book on Bloomlibrary.org' heading.
325. Click the 'VIEW ON BLOOMLIBRARY' button.
326. Verify the book opens dev.bloomlibrary.org site.
327. Wait for a minute.
328. Press F5 key to refresh the page.
329. Verify the 'READ' button appears.
330. Click the 'READ' button.
331. Verify the Book opens in the Bloom Player.
332. Verify the topic (eg., Bible) is not displayed on the Front cover page.
333. Close the Browser window.
334. Click the 'PDF & Print' button. (in Publish\Bloom)
335. Verify Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
336. Click the 'Simple' Booklet Mode option.
337. Verify the PDF file is created and appear on the screen.
338. Verify the topic (eg., Bible) is not displayed on the Front cover page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Disconnect the Android Mobile from the computer.
2. Delete the Subscription code.
3. Delete ‘26. Jesus Starts His Ministry’ book.
4. Close Bloom application.
