---
id: 240
title: "Ensure that memory usage does not continuously increase when using a 131-page dictionary book"
description: "(672) Ensure that memory usage does not continuously increase when using a 131-page dictionary book"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-09
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download the ZIP file BL-7277.ZIP from this link: https://s3.amazonaws.com/bloom-problem-books/BL-7277.zip
2. Navigate to the folder where the file was downloaded (e.g., Downloads).
3. Extract the contents of the ZIP file BL-7277.ZIP.

**Action Steps**

1. Double-click the Bloom Book Collection file named "Tangshang Naga Books". from the extracted folder
2. Verify that the Bloom application launches and displays "Tangshang Naga Books" in the left pane.
3. Click on the book "Tangshang Naga Books".
4. Verify  that the book preview appears in the right pane.
5. Verify that the "EDIT THIS BOOK" button is visible in the right pane.
6. Click the "EDIT THIS BOOK" button in the right pane.
7. Verify that the book "Tangshang Naga Books" opens in edit mode..
8. Right-click on the blank toolbar at the top  of the Bloom application.
9. Verify that the following options are displayed:

•    1024 × 586 Low-end netbook with Windows Taskbar

•    800 × 600

•    1024 × 600

•    1024 × 768

•    Always Measure Performance

•    Start Measuring Performance

•    Show Performance Page

•    Meddle with New Files
10. Select the option "Start Measuring Performance".
11. Verify that the “Bloom Performance Measurement" page opens in a new browser tab.

12,Minimize the browser tab and switch back to the Bloom application.
13. Click the thumbnail for Page 1 in the left pane.
14. Switch to the browser tab with the Bloom Performance Measurement page.
15. Verify that memory usage is displayed in the “Memory” Analysis chart.
16. Repeat steps 13–15 for the following pages:

•    Page 3

•    Page 20

•    Page 30
17. Switch back to the Bloom application.
18. Click the “Publish” tab at the top.
19. Select “PDF & Print” In the left pane
20. Choose "Simple" Under Booklet Mode
21. Verify that the PDF file is successfully created.
22. Switch to the browser tab with the Bloom Performance Measurement page.
23. Verify that the  memory usage does not increase in the performance measurement page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Tangshang Naga Books
2. Close Bloom Performance Measurement page tab from browser.
3. Close Bloom application.
