---
id: 241
title: "Performance Regressions"
description: "(673) Performance Regressions"
issues:
  - https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-12756
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-10-17
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download Very Large Collection (.zip) book from the given link : https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1z0f7PdQywE8azia4qeEvRsU5v3doHM4O (Needs Developer's approval)
2. Extract the zip file.
3. Verify Very Large Collection folder appears.
4. Double click on the Very Large Collection folder.
5. Verify the English Bible Stories Folder opens.
6. Double click on English Bible Stories Folder.
7. Verify the folder opens.
8. Double click on English Bible Stories.bloombook collection file.
9. Verify the book opens in the Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Right-click on the Bloom toolbar.
2. Verify a popup menu opens.
3. Click 'Start Measuring Performance'
4. Verify the 'Bloom Performance Measurement' Page opens in a browser window.
5. Minimize the browser window.
6. Select '01 The Creation' book thumbnail. (under book collection in bloom)
7. Select '11. The Passover' book thumbnail. (or successively select 20 different books)
8. Select '08. God Saves Jose..' book thumbnail.
9. Select '11. The Passover' book thumbnail.
10. Select '16. The Deliverers' book thumbnail.
11. Scroll down in the Book list.
12. Select '29. The Story of the Unm..' book thumbnail.
13. Select '26. Jesus Starts His..' book thumbnail.
14. Select '34. Jesus Teaches ..' book thumbnail.
15. Select '41. God Raises Jesus..' book thumbnail.
16. Select '42. Jesus Returns to..' book thumbnail.
17. Scroll down in the Book list.
18. Select '50. Jesus Returns' book thumbnail.
19. Select '44. Peter and John Heal..' book thumbnail.
20. Select '45. Stephen and Philip' book thumbnail.
21. Select '47. Paul and Silas in Phil..' book thumbnail.
22. Scroll up in the Book list.
23. Select '37. Jesus Raises..' book thumbnail.
24. Select '39. Jesus Is Put on Trial' book thumbnail.
25. Select '35. The Story of the Com..' book thumbnail.
26. Select '36. The Transfigur..' book thumbnail.
27. Select '43. The Church Beg..' book thumbnail.
28. Select '24. John Baptizes..' book thumbnail.
29. Open the Bloom Performance Measurement page.
30. Click the 'SHOW CSV FILE' button.
31. Verify the page opens in the spreadsheet.
32. Verify that the average time to select different books is less than 2 seconds.
33. Close the Spreadsheet.
34. Click 'A Family Learns about Immunisations' shell book under Sample Shells.
35. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
36. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
37. Open the Bloom Performance Measurement page.
38. Click the 'SHOW CSV FILE' button.
39. Verify the page opens in the spreadsheet.
40. Verify that the average time to make a derivative of a book is less than a second.
41. Close the Spreadsheet.
42. Click on Page 1 thumbnail.
43. Right click Page 1 thumbnail.
44. Verify a context menu opens.
45. Click the 'Duplicate page' option.
46. Verify a duplicate page is created.
47. Click on Page 2 thumbnail.
48. Right click Page 2 thumbnail.
49. Verify a context menu opens.
50. Click the 'Duplicate page' option.
51. Verify a duplicate page is created.
52. Open the Bloom Performance Measurement page.
53. Click the 'SHOW CSV FILE' button.
54. Verify the page opens in the spreadsheet.
55. Verify that the average time to duplicate a page in a book is less than a second.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Close  'Bloom Performance Measurement' Page.
2. Close the Very Large Collection book
3. Close Bloom application.
