---
id: 245
title: "Check how the current Bloom handles the oldest books"
description: "(679) Check how the current Bloom handles the oldest books"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Connect the Android Mobile to the computer via USB cable.
2. Tap the ‘Play Store’ application in the Android Mobile.
3. Verify the Play Store application opens.
4. Type ‘Bloom Reader’ in the Search bar.
5. Verify the ‘Bloom Reader application appears in the application list.
6. Click the “Install’ button.
7. Click the ‘Open’ button.
8. Verify the Bloom Reader application opens in the Mobile device.
9. Type 'https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9mtzsjs9jsvw?hl=en-US&gl=US' in a browser search bar. (in the computer)
10. Verify eKitabu e-reader page opens.
11. Click the Download button.
12. Verify eKitabu Installer file is downloaded in the system.
13. Double click on the 'eKitabu e-reader Installer' file.
14. Verify 'eKitabu e-reader..The latest version is installed' dialog box appears.
15. Type 'https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9mtzsjs9jsvw?hl=en-US&gl=US' in a browser search bar. (from the computer)
16. Verify eKitabu e-reader page opens.
17. Click the Download button.
18. Verify eKitabu Installer file is downloaded in the system.
19. Double click on the 'eKitabu e-reader Installer' file.
20. Verify 'eKitabu e-reader..The latest version is installed' dialog box appears.

**Action Steps**

1. Download “Froggie seeks the good life” book from  the given link : https://bloomlibrary.org/book/CWE3e0lxBz (uploaded on 11/09/2024)
2. Verify the book “Froggie seeks the good life” in Bloom application.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
5. Click the Publish tab.
6. Click the PDF & Print button.
7. Verify Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
8. Click the 'Simple' button.
9. Verify the book opened as PDF.
10. Click all pages one by one.
11. Verify all pages are included.
12. Verify all the images and fonts rendered properly.
13. Verify the layout appears in landscape mode.
14. Click the Publish tab.
15. Click the ePUB button.
16. Verify Publish to ePUB view opens.
17. Click the Preview button.
18. Verify Creating ePUB..dialog appears.
19. Click the Close button.
20. Verify the book appears correctly in the preview.
21. Click the Save button.
22. Verify Save As dialog box opens.
23. Click the Save button.
24. Verify the book saved in the document folder.
25. Right click on the saved .ePUB file.
26. Verify the popup menu opens.
27. Click the "Open with.." option.
28. Verify a submenu opens.
29. Click the 'eKitabu' option.
30. Verify the book opens in the eKitabu Reader.
31. Click the Information button.
32. Verify it shows the title, description and other information.
33. Click the Close button.
34. Verify the information page closes.
35. Click the navigation button. (eg., Next button)
36. Verify the next page appears correctly.
37. Verify the text and images are properly rendered.
38. Click the Publish tab.
39. Click the BloomPUB button.
40. Verify Publish to BloomPUB view opens.
41. Click "Send over USB Cable' radio button.
42. Click the "Connect with USB cable" button.
43. Verify the BloomPUB file is saved in a (eg.,)File folder.(in Android mobile)
44. Tap the Hamburger button in the Bloom Reader App.
45. Verify the option menu opens.
46. Tap on 'Open BloomPUB file' option.
47. Verify the File folder opens.
48. Tap the .BloomPUB file.
49. Verify the book opens in the Bloom Reader application.
50. Tap the "Froggie seeks the good life" book.
51. Verify the book opens in Bloom Reader.
52. Tap the Next button.
53. Verify the page renders properly.
54. Download “New Pussy Cat” book from the given link : https://bloomlibrary.org/book/r7uga0HaMe (updated on 18/2/2022) (in the computer)
55. Verify the book “New Pussy Cat” in Bloom application.
56. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
57. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
58. Click the Publish tab.
59. Click the PDF & Print button.
60. Verify Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
61. Click the 'Simple' button.
62. Verify the book opened as PDF.
63. Click all pages one by one.
64. Verify all pages are included.
65. Verify all the images and fonts rendered properly.
66. Verify the layout appears in landscape mode.
67. Click the Publish tab.
68. Click the ePUB button.
69. Verify Publish to ePUB view opens.
70. Click the Preview button.
71. Verify Creating ePUB..dialog appears.
72. Click the Close button.
73. Verify the book appears correctly in the preview.
74. Click the Save button.
75. Verify Save As dialog box opens.
76. Click the Save button.
77. Verify the book saved in the document folder.
78. Right click on the saved .ePUB file.
79. Verify the popup menu opens.
80. Click the "Open with.." option.
81. Verify a submenu opens.
82. Click the 'eKitabu' option.
83. Verify the book opens in the eKitabu Reader.
84. Click the Information button.
85. Verify it shows the title, description and other information.
86. Click the Close button.
87. Verify the information page closes.
88. Click the navigation button. (eg., Next button)
89. Verify the next page appears correctly.
90. Verify the text and images are properly rendered.
91. Click the Publish tab.
92. Click the BloomPUB button.
93. Verify Publish to BloomPUB view opens.
94. Click "Send over USB Cable' radio button.
95. Click the "Connect with USB cable" button.
96. Verify the BloomPUB file is saved in a (eg.,)File folder.(in Android mobile)
97. Tap the Hamburger button in the Bloom Reader App.
98. Verify the option menu opens.
99. Tap on 'Open BloomPUB file' option.
100. Verify the File folder opens.
101. Tap the .BloomPUB file.
102. Verify the book opens in the Bloom Reader application.
103. Tap the "New Pussy Cat" book.
104. Verify the book opens in Bloom Reader.
105. Tap the Next button.
106. Verify the page renders properly.
107. Download “Stone Fish” book from  the given link : https://bloomlibrary.org/book/WnihTjVSLk  (uploaded on 10/07/2014)
108. Verify the book “Stone Fish” in Bloom application.
109. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
110. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
111. Click the Publish tab.
112. Click the PDF & Print button.
113. Verify Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
114. Click the 'Simple' button.
115. Verify the book opened as PDF.
116. Click all pages one by one.
117. Verify all pages are included.
118. Verify all the images and fonts rendered properly.
119. Verify the layout appears in landscape mode.
120. Click the Publish tab.
121. Click the ePUB button.
122. Verify Publish to ePUB view opens.
123. Click the Preview button.
124. Verify Creating ePUB..dialog appears.
125. Click the Close button.
126. Verify the book appears correctly in the preview.
127. Click the Save button.
128. Verify Save As dialog box opens.
129. Click the Save button.
130. Verify the book saved in the document folder.
131. Right click on the saved .ePUB file.
132. Verify the popup menu opens.
133. Click the "Open with.." option.
134. Verify a submenu opens.
135. Click the 'eKitabu' option.
136. Verify the book opens in the eKitabu Reader.
137. Click the Information button.
138. Verify it shows the title, description and other information.
139. Click the Close button.
140. Verify the information page closes.
141. Click the navigation button. (eg., Next button)
142. Verify the next page appears correctly.
143. Verify the text and images are properly rendered.
144. Click the Publish tab.
145. Click the BloomPUB button.
146. Verify Publish to BloomPUB view opens.
147. Click "Send over USB Cable' radio button.
148. Click the "Connect with USB cable" button.
149. Verify the BloomPUB file is saved in a (eg.,)File folder.(in Android mobile)
150. Tap the Hamburger button in the Bloom Reader App.
151. Verify the option menu opens.
152. Tap on 'Open BloomPUB file' option.
153. Verify the File folder opens.
154. Tap the .BloomPUB file.
155. Verify the book opens in the Bloom Reader application.
156. Tap the "Stone Fish" book.
157. Verify the book opens in Bloom Reader.
158. Tap the Next button.
159. Verify the page renders properly.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Remove the USB cable from the Mobile.
2. Uninstall Bloom Reader from the Android mobile.
3. Uninstall the eKitabu Reader.
4. Delete the ‘Froggie seeks the good life’ book.
5. Delete the ‘New Pussy Cat’ book.
6. Delete ‘Stone Fish’ book.
7. Delete the Subscription code.
8. Close Bloom application.
