---
id: 246
title: "Check how bloom handles missing images"
description: "(680)Check how bloom handles missing images"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-10-14
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Enter 'The Golden Touch' in the Front Cover title box.
6. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
7. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
8. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
9. Press the Enter key.
10. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
11. Click any of the Car images.
12. Click the OK button.
13. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
14. Click the Collections tab.
15. Verify the Collections view opens.
16. Right click on the 'The Golden Touch' book thumbnail.
17. Verify a Context menu appears.
18. Click the 'Show in File Explorer' option.
19. Verify the book (eg., The Golden Touch) directory opens. (eg., C:\Users\UserName\Documents\Bloom\English Books\The Golden Touch)
20. Double click on the book'The Golden Touch' folder.
21. Verify the book folder opens.
22. Delete the Front cover PNG file. (eg., aor_jeep-1.PNG)
23. Close the window.
24. Close Bloom application.
25. Restart Bloom.
26. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
27. Verify the 'Car' image is missing in the Front cover page.
28. Verify an error message 'This picture, aor_jeep-1.png, is missing or was loading too slowly' appears in the front cover page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic book.
2. Close Bloom application.
