---
id: 247
title: "Unplug internet during download of updates"
description: "(682) Unplug internet during download of updates"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-15
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Uninstall the Bloom application.
2. Goto the windows Folder ".....\AppData\Local\BloomBetaInternal".
3. Delete all the existing folders.

**Action Steps**

1. Download and Install the bloom application on the following location "https://bloomlibrary.org/installersBetaInternal/BloomInstaller.6.2.3087.BetaInternal.exe"
2. Verify the Bloom application launched.
3. Click the Settings button.
4. Verify the Settings dialog appears.
5. Click the Advanced Program Settings tab.
6. Verify the checkbox  "Automatically Update Bloom" is selected by default.
7. Closed the Settings dialog.
8. Click on the "Basic Book" Templates from the Sources For New Books.
9. Verify the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button appears on the Right side pane.
10. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
11. Verify the Basic Book opens in the Edit Mode.
12. Click on the Front Cover page from the Left pane.
13. Verify the Front Cover page displays to Edit.
14. Click on the Title Box from the Front Cover page
15. Type Title as Test.
16. Leave the Bloom application for 1 minute.
17. Verify the Toast message "Downloading bloom updates" appears on the bottom right corner.
18. Unplug the Internet connection.
19. Verify the Bloom application does not crash.
20. Close the Bloom application.
21. Open the Bloom application.
22. Click on the Get Help button from the Top Right corner.
23. Verify the "Check For New Version" option appears.
24. Click on the Check For New Version.
25. Verify the following alert message appears: "Are you connected to the Internet?".
26. Reconnect to the Internet connection.
27. Click on the Get Help button from the Top Right corner.
28. Verify the "Check For New Version" option appears.
29. Click on the Check For New Version.
30. Verify the Toast message "Downloading bloom updates" appears on the bottom right corner.
31. Verify the Toast message "Applying updates" appears on the bottom right corner.
32. wait until the Applying updates get completed.
33. Verify the Toast message "Update for "...version number" is ready" appears on the bottom right corner.
34. Verify the "Restart Bloom to Update" link appears on the Toast message.
35. Click on the "Restart Bloom to Update" link.
36. Verify the bloom gets restarted.
37. Click on the Get Help button from the Top Right corner.
38. Verify the "Check For New Version" option appears.
39. Click on the Check For New Version
40. Verify the Toast message "Your Bloom is up to date" appears on the bottom right corner.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the "Test" book.
2. Close the Bloom application.
