---
id: 249
title: "Check Spreadsheet import and export menu items visibility"
description: "(621) Check Spreadsheet import and export menu items visibility"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-02
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click any book thumbnail (eg., The Moon and the Cap book)  under Book Collections. (eg., English Books)
2. Verify a triangle button appears at the bottom right corner of the book thumbnail.
3. Click on the triangle button.
4. Verify a popup menu opens.
5. Click the More..option.
6. Verify 'Export to Spreadsheet..' is available on the popup menu.
7. Verify 'Import Content from Spreadsheet..' is available on the popup menu.
8. Click the Settings button.
9. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
10. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
11. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
12. Delete the Subscription code.
13. Click the Restart button.
14. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
15. Click any book thumbnail  (eg., The Moon and the Cap book) under Book Collections. (eg., English Books)
16. Verify a triangle button appears at the bottom right corner of the book thumbnail.
17. Click on the triangle button.
18. Verify a popup menu opens.
19. Click the More..option.
20. Verify 'Export to Spreadsheet..' is disabled in the popup menu.
21. Verify 'Import Content from Spreadsheet..' is disabled in the popup menu.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete The Moon and the Cap book (or any book).
2. Close Bloom application.
