---
id: 25
title: "Content Pages tab"
description: "Test case for Content Pages tab"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-04
last-modified: 2025-10-26
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
10. Click the Settings button.
11. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
12. Click the 'Change' link button under the Local Language field.
13. Verify the Choose Language dialog opens.
14. Type English on the Search bar.
15. Verify 'English' language appears under the search bar.
16. Click 'English' language.
17. Click the OK button.
18. Verify the 'English(en) language appears as Local Language.
19. Click the 'Change' link button under the National Language field.
20. Verify the Choose Language dialog opens.
21. Type 'french' on the Search bar.
22. Verify 'francais' language appears under the search bar.
23. Click 'francais' language.
24. Click the OK button.
25. Verify the 'francais(fr)' language appears as a National Language.
26. Click the 'Set' link button under the Regional Language field.
27. Verify the Choose Language dialog opens.
28. Type 'german' on the Search bar.
29. Verify 'Deutsch (Standard German)' language appears under the search bar.
30. Click 'Deutsch' language.
31. Click the 'Latin' script.
32. Click the OK button.
33. Verify the 'Deutsch(de)' language appears as a Regional Language.
34. Click the Restart button.
35. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
36. Click the Settings button.
37. Verify English (en) appears as Local Language.
38. Verify francais (fr) appears as a National Language.
39. Verify Deutsch(de) appears as a Regional Language.
40. Click the Ok button.
41. Verify the Settings dialog closes.
42. Close the Bloom application.
43. Open a Browser.
44. Type "https://bloomlibrary.org/bible/open-bible-stories/book/Whjpd8A87e" in the Search bar.
45. Press the Enter key.
46. Verify '26. Jesus Starts His Ministry' book opens on the bloomlibrary.org site.
47. Click the 'Translate into your language' button.
48. Verify 'Downloading Book' progress bar opens.
49. Click the OK button in the Download Complete dialog.
50. Verify the book opens in the Bloom Editor.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
2. Verify the Book appears in the Edit mode.
3. Click the Language selector from the toolbar.
4. Verify the English language is selected by default and greyed out.
5. Verify Francais and Deutsch languages are not selected.
6. Click the Book Settings button from the bloom toolbar.
7. Verify the Book Settings dialog opens.
8. Verify the Front Cover menu appears.
9. Verify all the installed languages in the book are displayed in the Cover menu.
10. Verify the English is selected by default and grayed out.
11. De-Select ‘Show Title in Francais’ check box. (if it is already selected)
12. Click the OK button.
13. Verify the title appears in French and disappears in the Front cover.
14. Click the Book Settings button.
15. Verify the Front Cover menu appears.
16. Select ‘Show Title in Francais’ check box.
17. Select 'Show Title in Deutsch' check box.
18. Click the OK button.
19. Verify the title appears in French in the French title box.
20. Verify the title appears in Deutsch in the Deutsch title box.
21. Click Page 1.
22. Verify that page 1 appears with English content.
23. Select the Language Selector from the toolbar.
24. Verify the language list opens.
25. Select French language.
26. Select the Deutsch language.
27. Verify French content appears in the French language text box.
28. Verify the Deutsch content appears in the Deutsch language text box.
29. Click the Book Settings button.
30. Verify Book Settings dialog opens.
31. Verify the Content Pages view appears.
32. De-Select French language under "Languages to show in normal text boxes".
33. De-Select Deutsch language under "Languages to show in normal text boxes".
34. Click the OK button.
35. Verify both French and Deutsch language text boxes disappeared.
36. Click the Language Selector.
37. Verify both French and Deutsch languages are deselected.
38. Click 'A5 Portrait' combo from the bloom toolbar.
39. Select 'Device 16x9 Landscape' option.
40. Verify the page layout of the page is changed to Landscape orientation.
41. Click the Book Settings button.
42. Verify Book Settings dialog opens.
43. Verify the Content Pages view appears.
44. Click the Page Theme Combo box.
45. Verify the list box opens.
46. Select 'Rounded Border Ebook' Theme.
47. Click the OK button.
48. Verify the page appeared with the Rounded border Ebook theme.
49. Click the Book Settings button.
50. Verify Book Settings dialog opens.
51. Verify the Content Pages view appears.
52. Click the Page Theme Combo box.
53. Verify the list box opens.
54. Select 'Zero Margin Ebook' Theme.
55. Click the OK button.
56. Verify the page appeared with Zero Margin Ebook theme. (ie., no margin appears on either sides)
57. Click the Book Settings button.
58. Verify Book Settings dialog opens.
59. Verify the Content Pages view appears.
60. Click the Page Theme Combo box.
61. Verify the list box opens.
62. Select 'Legacy (Bloom 5.6)' Theme.
63. Verify a warning message 'The selected page theme does not support the following settings' appears.
64. Click the OK button.
65. Verify no margin appears on either side.
66. Click the Book Settings button.
67. Verify Book Settings dialog opens.
68. Verify the Content Pages view appears.
69. Click the Page Theme Combo box.
70. Verify the list box opens.
71. Select 'Default' Theme.
72. Click the OK button.
73. Verify the page appears with the default theme.
74. Click the Book Settings button.
75. Verify Book Settings dialog opens.
76. Verify the Content Pages view appears.
77. Click the Text Padding Combo box.
78. Verify the list box opens.
79. Select '0 mm' Theme.
80. Click the OK button.
81. Verify there is no gap between the bottom of the image and the text pane.
82. Click the Book Settings button.
83. Verify Book Settings dialog opens.
84. Verify the Content Pages view appears.
85. Click the Text Padding Combo box.
86. Verify the list box opens.
87. Select '2 mm' Theme.
88. Click the OK button.
89. Verify there is a 2mm gap between the bottom of the image and the text pane.
90. Click the Book Settings button.
91. Verify Book Settings dialog opens.
92. Verify the Content Pages view appears.
93. Click the Text Padding Combo box.
94. Verify the list box opens.
95. Select '4 mm' Theme.
96. Click the OK button.
97. Verify there is a 4 mm gap between the bottom of the image and the text pane.
98. Click the Book Settings button.
99. Verify Book Settings dialog opens.
100. Verify the Content Pages view appears.
101. Click the Text Padding Combo box.
102. Verify the list box opens.
103. Select '1 em (font size)' Theme.
104. Click the OK button.
105. Verify there is 1 em font size gap between the bottom of the image and the text pane.
106. Click the Book Settings button.
107. Verify Book Settings dialog opens.
108. Verify the Content Pages view appears.
109. Click the Text Padding Combo box.
110. Verify the list box opens.
111. Select 'Default (set by Theme)' Theme.
112. Click the OK button.
113. Verify that there is a default gap between the bottom of the image and the text pane.
114. Click the Book Settings button.
115. Verify Book Settings dialog opens.
116. Verify the Content Pages view appears.
117. Click the 'Page Gutter' Combo box.
118. Verify the list box opens.
119. Select '0 mm' Theme.
120. Click the OK button.
121. Verify that there is a minimum space (0mm) appearing in the left and right margin of the page.
122. Click the Book Settings button.
123. Verify Book Settings dialog opens.
124. Verify the Content Pages view appears.
125. Click the 'Page Gutter' Combo box.
126. Verify the list box opens.
127. Select '2 mm' Theme.
128. Click the OK button.
129. Verify that there is a minimum space (2 mm) appearing in the left and right margin of the page.
130. Click the Book Settings button.
131. Verify Book Settings dialog opens.
132. Verify the Content Pages view appears.
133. Click the 'Page Gutter' Combo box.
134. Verify the list box opens.
135. Select '4 mm' Theme.
136. Click the OK button.
137. Verify that there is a minimum space (4 mm) appearing in the left and right margin of the page.
138. Click the Book Settings button.
139. Verify Book Settings dialog opens.
140. Verify the Content Pages view appears.
141. Click the 'Page Gutter' Combo box.
142. Verify the list box opens.
143. Select '6 mm' Theme.
144. Click the OK button.
145. Verify that there is a space (6 mm) appearing in the left and right margin of the page.
146. Click the Book Settings button.
147. Verify Book Settings dialog opens.
148. Verify the Content Pages view appears.
149. Click the 'Page Gutter' Combo box.
150. Verify the list box opens.
151. Select '10 mm' Theme.
152. Click the OK button.
153. Verify that there is a space (10 mm) appearing in the left and right margin of the page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete ‘26. Jesus Starts His Ministry’ book.
3. Close Bloom application.
