---
id: 250
title: "Check Spreadsheet Export / Import functionality while using Team Collection"
description: "(622) Check Spreadsheet Export / Import functionality while using Team Collection"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-02
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
10. Click the Other Collection button.
11. Verify Open/Create Collections dialog opens.
12. Click any Team Collection book. (eg., Tamil Share Books)
13. Verify the Team Collection book opens.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Team Collection book which is checked out to you.
2. Click a Basic book.
3. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button is available on the right pane.
4. Click the MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
5. Verify the Book opens in the edit view.
6. Click the Front Cover page thumbnail.
7. Verify the Front cover page opens.
8. Enter ‘Shared Book’ in the title box.
9. Click the Collections tab.
10. Verify the book appears under the Book collection.
11. Verify your Avatar appears on the book thumbnail.
12. Verify a triangle button appears at the bottom right corner of the book thumbnail.
13. Click on the triangle button.
14. Verify a popup menu opens.
15. Click More option.
16. Verify Export to Spreadsheet option is available.
17. Verify Import Content from Spreadsheet is available.
18. Click outside of the popup menu.
19. Verify the popup menu closes.
20. Click a Team Collection book which is checked out to other users.(without your Avatar)
21. Verify the other user Avatar appears on the book thumbnail.
22. Click the other user's Avatar book thumbnail.
23. Verify a triangle button appears at the bottom right corner of the (other user) book thumbnail.
24. Click on the triangle button.
25. Verify a popup menu opens.
26. Click More option.
27. Verify Export to Spreadsheet option is enabled.
28. Verify Import Content from Spreadsheet is disabled.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Team Collection book.
2. Delete the Subscription Code.
3. Close Bloom application.
