---
id: 251
title: "Check Spreadsheet Export / Import functionality"
description: "(623) Check Spreadsheet Export / Import functionality"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-02
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
10. Close the Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Enter ' https://bloomlibrary.org/chetana/book/IwqAGQAkVI' in the browser window.
2. Verify a book appears on the bloomlibrary site.
3. Click the 'Translate into your language - Download into Bloom Editor' button.
4. Verify 'Here, it comes' dialog opens.
5. Verify Downloading book ..progress dialog appears.
6. Verify Downloading complete dialog appears.
7. Click the OK button.
8. Verify the book opens in the Bloom application.
9. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
10. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
11. Click the Front Cover thumbnail.
12. Verify 'My Beach' appears in the title box.
13. Click the Collections tab.
14. Verify 'My Beach' book thumbnail appears under Book collection.
15. Click the triangle button of the 'My Beach' book thumbnail.
16. Verify a popup menu opens.
17. Click the 'More' option.
18. Verify a Submenu opens.
19. Click the 'Export to Spreadsheet..' option.
20. Verify Export to Spreadsheet dialog opens.
21. Click the Export button.
22. Verify Exporting Spreadsheet..dialog appears.
23. Verify the book contents opens in the Spreadsheet.
24. Click the Close button.
25. Verify the Spreadsheet closes.
26. Click a Basic book.
27. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
28. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
29. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
30. Click the Collections tab.
31. Verify 'Title Missing' thumbnail appears under the Book collection.
32. Click the triangle button of the 'Title Missing' book thumbnail.
33. Verify a popup menu opens.
34. Click the 'More' option.
35. Verify a Submenu opens.
36. Click the 'Import content from Spreadsheet..' option.
37. Verify an Open dialog appears.
38. Double Click on 'My Beach' Folder.
39. Verify the folder opens.
40. Click on the 'My Beach' Spreadsheet.
41. Click the Open button.
42. Verify Importing Spreadsheet..dialog appears.
43. Click the Close button.
44. Click Edit this Book button.
45. Verify the Book opens in the Edit view.
46. Verify all the content from 'My Beach' book is copied to the new blank book.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete ‘My Beach’ book.
2. Delete the Subscription code.
3. Close Bloom application.
