---
id: 252
title: "Spreadsheet export should not remove segment markers (Audio Segmenting)"
description: "(627,628,629) Spreadsheet export should not remove segment markers (Audio Segmenting)"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-02
---

# Steps

**Setups Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Basic book.
2. Verify 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button is available on the right pane.
3. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
5. Click the Front Cover thumbnail.
6. Verify the Front Cover page appears.
7. Enter 'Audio Segmenting' in the title box.
8. Click the Add Page button.
9. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
10. Click the 'Just a text' template.
11. Click the Add Page button.
12. Verify Just a text page is added.
13. Click on the 'Just a text' page.
14. Enter a sentence ‘The Greek king Midas did a good deed for a Satyr.' in the text box.
15. Press the Enter key.
16. Enter another sentence 'This prompted Dionysus, the god of wine, to grant him a wish.' in the book.
17. Click the 3 line button which appears at the right most pane.
18. Verify the talking book tool is enabled.
19. Verify the whole sentences are highlighted.
20. Click the Advanced button.
21. Verify'By Whole Text Box' radio button is selected.
22. Click the sentence starting with 'The Greek king Midas..'
23. Click before the word 'good'.
24. Click the 'Insert Segment Marker' button.
25. Verify there is a 'I' beam appearing before the word 'good'.
26. Click before the word 'Satyr'.
27. Click the 'Insert Segment Marker' button.
28. Verify there is a 'I' beam appearing before the word 'Satyr'.
29. Click before the word 'Dionysus'. (in the second sentence)
30. Click the 'Insert Segment Marker' button.
31. Verify there is a 'I' beam appearing before the word 'Dionysus'.
32. Click before the word 'to'.
33. Click the 'Insert Segment Marker' button.
34. Verify there is a 'I' beam appearing before the word 'to'.
35. Click and Hold the Record or Speak button.
36. Record the two sentences "The Greek king Midas did a good deed for a Satyr.
37. This prompted Dionysus, the god of wine, to grant him a wish."
38. Leave the Record/Speak button.
39. Verify the Play button is enabled.
40. Click the Collections tab.
41. Verify the book 'Audio Segmenting' appears under the book collection.
42. Click on the triangle button of the Audio Segmenting book thumbnail.
43. Verify an option menu opens.
44. Click the More option.
45. Verify a submenu opens.
46. Click the 'Export to Spreadsheet...' option.
47. Verify 'Export to Spreadsheet...' dialog opens.
48. Click the Export button.
49. Verify the book opens in the spreadsheet.
50. Verify the segment markers appear in between the sentences.
51. Click a Basic book.
52. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button is available on the right pane.
53. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button
54. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
55. Click the Collection tab.
56. Verify the new book 'Title Missing' appears under Bloom collection.
57. Click the triangle button on the new book thumbnail.
58. Verify an option menu opens.
59. Click the More option.
60. Verify a submenu opens.
61. Click the 'Import content from spreadsheet' option.
62. Verify Open dialog appears.
63. Double click on the exported Spreadsheet folder. (eg., spreadsheet book)
64. Verify the folder opens.
65. Click on the 'spreadsheet book' excel file.
66. Click the Open button.
67. Verify Importing Spreadsheet dialog appears.
68. Click the Close button.
69. Verify the content of the spreadsheet book is imported in a new book.
70. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
71. Click Page 1.
72. Verify the two sentences appear correctly with segment markers.
73. Click the 3 line button.
74. Verify the Talking Book Tool menu opens.
75. Verify the whole sentence is highlighted.
76. Verify the Play/Check button is enabled.
77. Click the Play/Check button.
78. Verify the audio is still aligned to the segments. (ie., the audio is still in sync with the user's segments)
79. Click the Close button in the Talking Book tool.
80. Verify the segments should disappear.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the ‘Audio Segmenting’ book.
2. Delete the Subscription code.
3. Close Bloom application.
