---
id: 253
title: "Spreadsheet import with both audio and formatting messes up (Inline Formatting)"
description: "(630,631) Spreadsheet import with both audio and formatting messes up (Inline Formatting)"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-02
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button is available on the right pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button
4. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
5. Click the Front Cover page thumbnail.
6. Verify the Front Cover appears on the edit view.
7. Enter ‘Inline Formatting’ in the title box.
8. Click the Add Page button.
9. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
10. Click the 'Just a text' template.
11. Click the Add Page button.
12. Verify the 'Just a text' page is added.
13. Click the 'Just a text' page.
14. Enter sentence 'This prompted Dionysus, the god of wine, to grant him a wish.' in the text box.
15. Select the words 'This prompted Dionysus' from the text box.
16. Verify a Style box appears.
17. Click the Text Color button.
18. Verify the color palette appears.
19. Click the Red color.
20. Verify the words changed to Red color.
21. Select the words 'the god of wine' from the text box.
22. Verify a Style box appears.
23. Click the Text Color button.
24. Verify the color palette appears.
25. Click the blue color.
26. Verify the words changed to Red color.
27. Select the word 'to grant' from the text box.
28. Verify a Style box appears.
29. Click the Italic button.
30. Verify the word changed to Italic style.
31. Select the word 'him a wish' from the text box.
32. Verify a Style box appears.
33. Click the Underline button.
34. Verify the word changed to Underline style.
35. Enter the sentence 'The Greek king Midas did a good deed for a Satyr.' in the text box.
36. Select the sentence.
37. Verify a Style box appears.
38. Click the Bold button.
39. Verify the Sentence is changed to Bold style.
40. Click the 3 lines button.
41. Verify the Talking Book Tool menu appears
42. Verify all the sentences are highlighted.
43. Click and Hold the Record/Speak button.
44. Record the Whole sentence.
45. Leave the Record/Speak button.
46. Verify the Play/Check button is enabled.
47. Click the Collections tab.
48. Verify the ‘Inline Formatting’ book appears under the Book Collection.
49. Click the triangle button in the ‘Inline Formatting’ book thumbnail.
50. Verify an option menu opens.
51. Click the More option.
52. Verify a submenu opens.
53. Click the 'Export to Spreadsheet...' option.
54. Verify 'Export to Spreadsheet...' dialog opens.
55. Verify an option menu opens.
56. Click the More option.
57. Verify a submenu opens.
58. Click the 'Export to Spreadsheet...' option.
59. Verify 'Export to Spreadsheet...' dialog opens.
60. Click the Export button.
61. Verify the book opens on the spreadsheet.
62. Verify that the text has all the formatting in the spreadsheet.
63. Click the close button.
64. Verify the Spreadsheet closes.
65. Click a Basic book.
66. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button is available on the right pane.
67. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button
68. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
69. Click the Collection tab.
70. Verify the new book 'Title Missing' appears under Bloom collection.
71. Click the triangle button on the new book thumbnail.
72. Verify an option menu opens.
73. Click the More option.
74. Verify a submenu opens.
75. Click the 'Import content from spreadsheet' option.
76. Verify Open dialog appears.
77. Double click on the exported Spreadsheet folder. (eg., spreadsheet book3)
78. Verify the folder opens.
79. Click on the 'spreadsheet book' excel file.
80. 
81. Click the Open button.
82. Verify Importing Spreadsheet dialog appears.
83. Click the Close button.
84. Verify the content of the spreadsheet book is imported in a new book.
85. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
86. Click Page 1.
87. Verify that all of the formatting appeared correctly.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Inline Formating book.
2. Delete the Subscription code.
3. Close Bloom application.
