---
id: 254
title: "Removed content from spreadsheet should not appear in the original book"
description: "(632) Removed content from spreadsheet should not appear in the original book"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-10-24
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click 'The Moon and the Cap' Shell book under Sample Shells.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
4. Click the Collections tab.
5. Verify the Collections view appears.
6. Right click on the 'The Moon and the Cap' book thumbnail.
7. Verify a context menu opens.
8. Click the More option.
9. Verify a Submenu opens.
10. Click the "Export to Spreadsheet.." option.
11. Verify "Export to Spreadsheet.." dialog opens.
12. Click the Export button.
13. Verify the book is exported to the spreadsheet.
14. Delete the row which contains Page 2 content.
15. Verify the entire row is removed from the spreadsheet.
16. Press Ctrl+S to save the file.
17. Open the Bloom application.
18. Right click on the 'The Moon and the Cap' book thumbnail.
19. Verify a context menu opens.
20. Click the More option.
21. Verify a Submenu opens.
22. Click the "Import Content from Spreadsheet.." option.
23. Verify the Open dialog appears.
24. Select the Spreadsheet file. (eg., The Moon and the Cap.xlsx)
25. Click the Open button.
26. Verify Importing Spreadsheet dialog opens.
27. Click the Close button.
28. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button on bloom.
29. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
30. Verify the page (2) is removed from the original book.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete ‘The Moon and the Cap’ book.
2. Delete the The Moon and the Cap.xlsx file.
3. Close Bloom application.
