---
id: 255
title: "Check Spreadsheet Export/Import functionality with Motion Book"
description: "(639) Check Spreadsheet Export/Import functionality with Motion Book"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-10-24
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click an eBook under Templates.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
4. Enter 'Motion Book' in the Front cover title box.
5. Click the Add Page button.
6. Verify the Add page dialog opens.
7. Click the 'Basic Text & Picture' template.
8. Click the Add Page button.
9. Verify the page(1) is added.
10. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
11. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
12. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
13. Press the Enter key.
14. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
15. Click any of the Car images.
16. Click the OK button.
17. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
18. Click on the Picture pane.
19. Click the Hamburger button.
20. Verify the TBT menu opens.
21. Click the More..option.
22. Verify the More..option menu opens.
23. Select 'Motion Tool' checkbox.
24. Verify the Motion feature is enabled on the picture pane.
25. Click the Preview button.
26. Verify the Motion plays.
27. Click the Close button.
28. Verify the Motion Tool menu closes.
29. Click the Add Page button.
30. Verify the Add page dialog opens.
31. Click the 'Just Picture' template.
32. Click the Add Page button.
33. Verify the page(2) is added.
34. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
35. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
36. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
37. Press the Enter key.
38. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
39. Click any of the Car images.
40. Click the OK button.
41. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
42. Click on the Picture pane.
43. Click the Hamburger button.
44. Verify the Motion feature is enabled on the picture pane.
45. Click the Preview button.
46. Verify the Motion plays.
47. Click the Close button.
48. Verify the Motion Tool menu closes.
49. Click the Collections tab.
50. Verify the Collections view appears.
51. Right click on the 'Motion Book' book thumbnail.
52. Verify a context menu opens.
53. Click the More option.
54. Verify a Submenu opens.
55. Click the "Export to Spreadsheet.." option.
56. Verify "Export to Spreadsheet.." dialog opens.
57. Click the Export button.
58. Verify the book is exported to the spreadsheet.
59. Delete the row which contains Page 2 content.
60. Verify the entire row is removed from the spreadsheet.
61. Press Ctrl+S to save the file.
62. Open the Bloom application.
63. Right click on the 'The Moon and the Cap' book thumbnail.
64. Verify a context menu opens.
65. Click the More option.
66. Verify a Submenu opens.
67. Click the "Import Content from Spreadsheet.." option.
68. Verify the Open dialog appears.
69. Select the Spreadsheet file. (eg., Motion Book.xlsx)
70. Click the Open button.
71. Verify Importing Spreadsheet dialog opens.
72. Click the Close button.
73. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button on bloom.
74. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
75. Verify the page (2) is removed from the original book.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the eBook.
3. Delete the Motion Book.xlsx file.
4. Close Bloom application.
