---
id: 256
title: "Check Spreadsheet Export/Import functionality with Comprehension Quizzes"
description: "(635) Check Spreadsheet Export/Import functionality with Comprehension Quizzes"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-10-24
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic Book under Templates.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
4. Enter 'Quiz Book' in the Front cover title box.
5. Click the Add Page button.
6. Verify the Add page dialog opens.
7. Click the 'Comprehension Quiz' template.
8. Click the Add Page button.
9. Verify the page(1) is added.
10. Click the Add Page button.
11. Verify the Add page dialog opens.
12. Click the 'Comprehension Quiz' template.
13. Click the Add Page button.
14. Verify the page(2) is added.
15. Click on the Theme combo box under the Game Tool menu.
16. Select 'Red on white' option.
17. Verify the page theme is changed to Red on white.
18. Click the Collections tab.
19. Verify the Collections view appears.
20. Right click on the 'Quiz Book' book thumbnail.
21. Verify a context menu opens.
22. Click the More option.
23. Verify a Submenu opens.
24. Click the "Export to Spreadsheet.." option.
25. Verify "Export to Spreadsheet.." dialog opens.
26. Click the Export button.
27. Verify the book is exported to the spreadsheet.
28. Delete all the rows which contain Page 2 content.
29. Verify the entire row is removed from the spreadsheet.
30. Press Ctrl+S to save the file.
31. Open the Bloom application.
32. Right click on the 'The Moon and the Cap' book thumbnail.
33. Verify a context menu opens.
34. Click the More option.
35. Verify a Submenu opens.
36. Click the "Import Content from Spreadsheet.." option.
37. Verify the Open dialog appears.
38. Select the Spreadsheet file. (eg., Quiz Book.xlsx)
39. Click the Open button.
40. Verify Importing Spreadsheet dialog opens.
41. Click the Close button.
42. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button on bloom.
43. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
44. Verify the page (2) is removed from the original book.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the eBook.
3. Delete the Quiz Book.xlsx file.
4. Close Bloom application.
