---
id: 257
title: "Check Spreadsheet Export/Import functionality with HTML Widgets"
description: "(636) Check Spreadsheet Export/Import functionality with HTML Widgets"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-05
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download ‘01 Abau T1-Y1.widget’ from https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/18cHyUxMxIKVCOL5NcaRwv86IL1xr34WL (Needs Developer’s approval)
2. Launch Bloom application
3. Click the Settings button.
4. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
5. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
6. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
7. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
8. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
9. Click the Restart button.
10. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click an eBook under Templates in the Collections view.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears on the preview pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
5. Enter 'HTML 5 Widgets' on the Front cover title box.
6. Click the Change Image button on the Picture pane. (Front cover)
7. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
8. Enter 'Car' in the Searchbox.
9. Press the Enter key.
10. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
11. Click any of the Car images.
12. Click the OK button.
13. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
14. Click the Credits Page.
15. Verify the Copyright and License dialog opens.
16. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holer text box.
17. Click the OK button.
18. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
19. Click the Add Page button.
20. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
21. Click the 'Widget Page' template.
22. Click the Add Page button.
23. Verify the 'Widget Page' is added.
24. Hover the mouse over the Widget page.
25. Verify Choose Widget button appears.
26. Click the Choose Widget button.
27. Verify the 'Open' dialog appears
28. Click the Downloads option from the left pane.
29. Verify 01 Abau T1-Y1.widget file appears.
30. Click on the 01 Abau T1-Y1.widget file.
31. Click the Open button.
32. Verify the widget page appears in the edit view.
33. Click the Collections tab.
34. Verify the 'HTML 5 Widgets' book appears under the Book Collection.
35. Click the triangle button of the book thumbnail.
36. Verify a popup menu opens.
37. Click the More..option.
38. Verify the Submenu appears.
39. Click the EXPORT TO SPREADSHEET option.
40. Verify 'Export to Spreadsheet..'dialog opens.
41. Click the EXPORT button.
42. Verify the book opens in the Spreadsheet. (eg., HTML 5 Widgets.xlsx)
43. Click on the Widgets column.
44. Click on the 5th  row.
45. Verify the widget name appears under the Widgets column. (eg., activities/01 Abau T1-Y1/index.html)
46. Click the Close button.
47. Verify the Spreadsheet closes.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the ‘HTML 5 Widgets’ book.
3. Close the Bloom application.
