---
id: 258
title: "Check Spreadsheet Export/Import functionality with Activity pages"
description: "(637) Check Spreadsheet Export/Import functionality with Activity pages"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-05-07
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Basic book.
2. Verify it opens in the edit mode.
3. Click the Add Page button.
4. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
5. Click the 'Choose Word from picture' template under Activity heading.
6. Click the Add Page button.
7. Verify the new template is added.
8. Verify 'Check Your Understanding' text gets highlighted.
9. Verify the Talking Book tool gets enabled.
10. Press and hold the Speak button.
11. Record 'Choose the matching word' using a microphone.
12. Click the Change image button in the picture pane.
13. Verify the image toolbox opens.
14. Type 'Car' in the search box.
15. Click the Search button.
16. Verify the Car picture appears.
17. Click the Car picture.
18. Click the OK button.
19. Verify the Car image appears on the page.
20. Type 'Car' in the first Choice box.
21. Verify the Talking Book tool gets enabled.
22. Press and hold the Speak button.
23. Record 'Car' using a microphone.
24. Click the Next button.
25. Type 'Bike' in the second choice box.
26. Verify the Talking Book tool gets enabled.
27. Press and hold the Speak button.
28. Record 'Bike' using a microphone.
29. Click the Next button.
30. Type 'Bus' in the third choice box.
31. Verify the Talking Book tool gets enabled.
32. Press and hold the Speak button.
33. Record 'Bus' using a microphone.
34. Click the Collections tab.
35. Click the triangle button on the Basic book thumbnail.
36. Verify an option menu opens.
37. Click the More option.
38. Verify a submenu opens.
39. Click the 'Export to Spreadsheet...' option.
40. Verify 'Export to Spreadsheet...' dialog opens.
41. Click the Export button.
42. Verify the Book is saved as in the spreadsheet.
43. Open the spreadsheet.
44. Verify the motion tool content should appear in the spreadsheet.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic book.
2. Close Bloom application.
