---
id: 259
title: "Check Spreadsheet Export/Import functionality with Activity pages"
description: "(638) Check Spreadsheet Export/Import functionality with Activity pages"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-10-06
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click an eBook under Templates.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Enter 'Activity Book' in the Front Cover title box.
6. Click the Credits Page thumbnail.
7. Verify the Credits page opens.
8. Click the 'Needs Copyright' button.
9. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
10. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
11. Click the OK button.
12. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
13. Click the Add page button.
14. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
15. Select 'Choose Word from Image' template under Games Pages
16. Click the Add page button.
17. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
18. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
19. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
20. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
21. Press the Enter key.
22. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
23. Click any of the Car images.
24. Click the OK button.
25. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
26. Enter ‘Apple’ in the blue text box.
27. Enter ‘Test’ in the second text box.
28. Enter ‘Car’ in the third text box.
29. Click the Collections tab.
30. Verify the Collections view opens.
31. Right click on the ‘Activity Book’ thumbnail.
32. Verify a context menu opens.
33. Click More..option.
34. Verify Submenu opens.
35. Click the ‘Export to Spreadsheet..’ option.
36. Verify Export to Spreadsheet dialog opens.
37. Click the Export button.
38. Verify all the content is exported to the Target folder. (eg., C:\Users\UserName\Documents)
39. Verify the Spreadsheet opens.
40. Verify ‘Choose word from Image’ appears under ‘Page Type’
41. Click the Bloom icon from the task bar.
42. Verify the Bloom application opens.
43. Click a Basic Book under Templates.
44. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
45. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
46. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
47. Click the Collections tab.
48. Verify the Collection view opens.
49. Right click on the ‘Title Missing’ thumbnail.
50. Verify a context menu opens.
51. Click More..option.
52. Verify Submenu opens.
53. Click the ‘Import Content from Spreadsheet..’ option.
54. Verify ‘Open’ dialog appears.
55. Click the Documents option from the left pane.
56. Verify the ‘Activity Book’ folder appears.
57. Double click on the Activity Book folder.
58. Verify the Activity Book folder opens.
59. Select the ‘Activity Book’ excel sheet.
60. Click the Open button.
61. Verify Importing Spreadsheet dialog opens.
62. Click the Close button.
63. Verify Importing Spreadsheet dialog closes.
64. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
65. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
66. Verify that all the contents are successfully imported (including Games pages) in the basic book.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the eBook.
3. Delete the Basic book.
4. Close Bloom application.
