---
id: 26
title: "Content Pages (default theme) tab"
description: "Test case for Content Pages (default theme) tab"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-04
last-modified: 2025-10-27
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click 'The Moon and the Cap' Shell book under Sample Shells.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
4. Click on the Page 1 (or any other content page)
5. Verify the page number appears at the bottom right corner of the page.
6. Click on the Page 2 (or any other content page)
7. Verify the page number appears at the bottom left corner of the page.
8. Click on the Page 3 (or any other content page)
9. Verify the page number appears at the bottom right corner of the page.
10. Click on the Page 4 (or any other content page)
11. Verify the page number appears at the bottom left corner of the page.
12. Navigate to all the pages.
13. Verify the page numbers alternate left and right sides.
14. Click Page 5.
15. Click the Book Settings button.
16. Verify the Book Settings dialog opens.
17. De-Select the checkbox near the Show Page Numbers option.
18. Click the OK button.
19. Verify the page number disappears at the bottom of the page.
20. Navigate to all the content pages.
21. Verify the page number disappears at the bottom of the page.
22. Click the Book Settings button.
23. Verify the Book Settings dialog opens.
24. Select the checkbox near the Show Page Numbers option.
25. Navigate to all the content pages.
26. Verify the page number re-appear at the bottom of the page.
27. Click Page 8.
28. Click 'A5 Portrait' Combo box from the bloom toolbar.
29. Verify the page layout list opens.
30. Select 'A4 Portrait' option.
31. Verify that the margins and padding between the picture pane and the text pane look right.
32. Select 'A4 Landscape' option.
33. Verify that the margins and padding between the picture pane and the text pane look right.
34. Select 'A6 Portrait' option.
35. Verify that the margins and padding between the picture pane and the text pane look right.
36. Select 'A6 Landscape' option.
37. Verify that the margins and padding between the picture pane and the text pane look right.
38. Select 'Letter Portrait' option.
39. Verify that the margins and padding between the picture pane and the text pane look right.
40. Select 'Letter Landscape' option.
41. Verify that the margins and padding between the picture pane and the text pane look right.
42. Select 'Half Letter Portrait' option.
43. Verify that the margins and padding between the picture pane and the text pane look right.
44. Select 'Half Letter Landscape' option.
45. Verify that the margins and padding between the picture pane and the text pane look right.
46. Select 'Device 16x9 Portrait' option.
47. Verify that the margins and padding between the picture pane and the text pane look right.
48. Verify the page number appears at the center of the page.
49. Select 'Device 16x9 Landscape' option.
50. Verify that the margins and padding between the picture pane and the text pane look right.
51. Verify the page number appears at the center of the page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete The Moon and the Cap Shell book.
3. Close Bloom application.
