---
id: 260
title: "Ensure the correct language is identified in the above error message"
description: "(617) Ensure the correct language is identified in the above error message"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-10-06
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
10. Click the 'Other Collection' button.
11. Verify 'Open/Create Collections' dialog opens.
12. Click the 'Create New Collection' button.
13. Verify 'Create New Bloom Collection'  dialog opens.
14. Enter 'lwl' in the Search box.
15. Verify Eastern Lawa language bar appears.
16. Click the Next button.
17. Verify Font and Script view appears.
18. Click the Next button.
19. Verify Give Language Location view appears.
20. Click the Next button.
21. Verify 'ละเวือะ Books' appear as Collection Name.
22. Click the Next button.
23. Verify 'Ready to create New collection' pane appears.
24. Click the Finish button.
25. Verify a new collection 'ละเวือะ Books' appears on the Collections view.
26. Download “Super Bible - Ruth - v2.0.BloomPack from the given link : https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1W-eefTHmxhXsQuun5EhZsqtRNUCbWAWc (Needs developer’s approval)
27. Double click on the Super Bible -Ruth .BloomPack.
28. Verify the book opens in the Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click 'Super Bible-Ruth-V2.0' book thumbnail from the lower left pane of the Collections view.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
4. Paste ''ละเวือะ' in Front cover title.
5. Click the Publish tab.
6. Click the BloomPUB button.
7. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
8. Click the PREVIEW button.
9. Verify Creating Digital Book dialog opens.
10. Verify an error message "The copyright holder of this book has not licensed it for publishing in LWL." appears.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete Super-Bible-Ruth-V2.0 book.
2. Close Bloom application.
