---
id: 261
title: "Ensure you can publish a licensed book in an authorised language"
description: "(618) Ensure you can publish a licensed book in an authorised language"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-10-06
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
10. Click the 'Other Collection' button.
11. Verify 'Open/Create Collections' dialog opens.
12. Click the 'Create New Collection' button.
13. Verify 'Create New Bloom Collection'  dialog opens.
14. Enter 'lwl' in the Search box.
15. Verify Eastern Lawa language bar appears.
16. Click the Next button.
17. Verify Font and Script view appears.
18. Click the Next button.
19. Verify Give Language Location view appears.
20. Click the Next button.
21. Verify 'ละเวือะ Books' appear as Collection Name.
22. Click the Next button.
23. Verify 'Ready to create New collection' pane appears.
24. Click the Finish button.
25. Verify a new collection 'ละเวือะ Books' appears on the Collections view.
26. Download “Super Bible - Jonah -V2.0.BloomPack from the given link : https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1W-eefTHmxhXsQuun5EhZsqtRNUCbWAWc (Needs developer’s approval)
27. Double click on the Super Bible - Jonah -V2.0.BloomPack.
28. Verify the book opens in the Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click 'Super Bible - Jonah -V2.0' book thumbnail from the lower left pane of the Collections view.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
4. Paste ''ละเวือะ' in Front cover title.
5. Click the Language selector from the Standard toolbar.
6. Verify ‘lawa’ language only selected.
7. De-select ‘English’ language if it is already selected.
8. Click the Publish tab.
9. Click the Audio / Video  button.
10. Verify Publish as Audio / Video view opens.
11. Click the PREVIEW button.
12. Verify Creating Digital Book dialog opens.
13. Verify there is no error message appearing in this dialog.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete Super Bible - Jonah -V2.0 book.
2. Close Bloom application.
