---
id: 262
title: "EPUB previewer is broken in Bloom"
description: "(581) EPUB previewer is broken in Bloom (BL-7722)"
issues:
  - [BL-7722](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-7722)
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-10-22
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Connect the WebCam to the Computer.
2. Type 'https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9mtzsjs9jsvw?hl=en-US&gl=US' in a browser search bar.
3. Verify eKitabu e-reader page opens.
4. Click the Download button.
5. Verify eKitabu Installer file is downloaded in the system.
6. Double click on the 'eKitabu e-reader Installer' file.
7. Verify 'eKitabu e-reader..The latest version is installed' dialog box appears.
8. Launch Bloom application
9. Click the Settings button.
10. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
11. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
12. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
13. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
14. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
15. Click the Restart button.
16. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
17. Click the Settings button.
18. Verify Settings dialog opens.
19. Click the 'Languages' tab.
20. Click the 'Set' link button under 'Sign Language' (optional) option.
21. Verify Choose Language Dialog opens.
22. Type 'sign' in the search bar.
23. Verify a list of sign languages available in the list pane.
24. Select 'American Sign Language' from the list.
25. Click the OK button.
26. Verify the American Sign language(ase) is added in the Settings tab.
27. Click the Restart button.
28. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Sign language book under Specialized Templates.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click the Front Cover page.
4. Enter 'Test SL book' in the Title box.
5. Click the Add Page button.
6. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
7. Click the 'Picture & Video' page.
8. Click the Add Page button.
9. Verify the 'Picture & Video' page is added.
10. Verify a 'localhost:8089" dialog appears.
11. Click the "Allow" button.
12. Verify the Cam is ON.
13. Click the Record button under the Sign Language Tool menu.
14. Verify the Recording is started.
15. Wait for a few seconds.
16. Click the Stop button.
17. Verify the recording is stopped.
18. Verify the Video appears on the Video pane.
19. Click the Picture pane.
20. Click the Change image button in the picture pane.
21. Verify the image toolbox opens.
22. Type 'Car' in the search box.
23. Click the Search button.
24. Verify the Car picture appears.
25. Click the Car picture.
26. Click the OK button.
27. Verify the Car image appears on the page.
28. Click the More options under the Sign Language Tool menu.
29. Verify the More options menu appears.
30. Click the 'Image Description Tool' checkbox.
31. Verify the Image Description appears over the picture.
32. Enter 'This is a car' in the Image description text box.
33. Click the TBT option.
34. Verify the TBT menu opens.
35. Click on the text box.
36. Verify the text is highlighted.
37. Press and Hold the 3)Speak button.
38. Record 'This is a car'.
39. Release the 3)Speak button.
40. Click the 4)Check button.
41. Verify the audio plays.
42. Click the Publish tab.
43. Click the ePUB button.
44. Verify Publish as ePUB dialog opens.
45. Click the Preview button.
46. Verify the book opens in the Preview pane.
47. Click the Save button.
48. Verify the Save As dialog opens.
49. Click the Save button.
50. Verify the ePUB file is saved in the default folder. (eg., documents folder)
51. Press Ctrl+E keys.
52. Verify File Explorer window opens.
53. Click the Documents option from the left pane.
54. Verify the Documents folder opens.
55. Double click on the saved ePUB book. (eg., Test SL book)
56. Verify the book opens in the eKitabu Reader.
57. Click the "Activate Readaloud" (speaker) button.
58. Verify the book opens correctly.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Disconnect the WebCam from the computer.
2. Uninstall eKitabu Reader
3. Delete the Subscription Code.
4. Delete the Sign Language book.
5. Close Bloom application.
