---
id: 263
title: "SL video trimming feedback broken"
description: "(582) SL video trimming feedback broken"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-10-24
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Connection the WebCam to the Computer.
2. Launch Bloom application
3. Click the Settings button.
4. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
5. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
6. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
7. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
8. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
9. Click the Restart button.
10. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
11. Click the Settings button.
12. Verify Settings dialog opens.
13. Click the 'Languages' tab.
14. Click the 'Set' link button under 'Sign Language' (optional) option.
15. Verify Choose Language Dialog opens.
16. Type 'sign' in the search bar.
17. Verify a list of sign languages available in the list pane.
18. Select 'American Sign Language' from the list.
19. Click the OK button.
20. Verify the American Sign language(ase) is added in the Settings tab.
21. Click the Restart button.
22. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Sign language book under Specialized Templates.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click the Front Cover page.
4. Enter 'Test SL Video Trim' in the Title box.
5. Click the Add Page button.
6. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
7. Click the 'Just Video' template.
8. Click the Add Page button.
9. Verify the 'Just Video' page is added.
10. Verify a 'localhost:8089" dialog appears.
11. Click the "Allow" button.
12. Verify the Cam is ON.
13. Click the Record button under the Sign Language Tool menu.
14. Verify the Recording is started.
15. Wait for a few seconds.
16. Click the Stop button.
17. Verify the recording is stopped.
18. Verify the Video appears on the Video pane.
19. Verify there is a Trim bar appearing in the Sign Language Tool.
20. Click on the Trim bar.
21. Drag the left control to move some frames right.
22. Verify the video moves some frames in the video page.
23. Drag the right control to move some frames left.
24. Verify the video moves some frames in the video page.
25. Click the Publish tab.
26. Click the BloomPUB button.
27. Verify Publish as BloomPUB dialog opens.
28. Click the Preview button.
29. Verify that the preview shows the trimmed video.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Disconnect the WebCam from the computer.
2. Delete the Subscription code.
3. Delete the Sign Language book.
4. Close Bloom application.
