---
id: 264
title: "Check Advanced option (import, show in folder and delete) is working fine in Sign Language tool"
description: "(583) Check Advanced option (import, show in folder and delete) is working fine in Sign Language tool"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-10-22
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
10. Click the Settings button.
11. Verify Settings dialog opens.
12. Click the 'Languages' tab.
13. Click the 'Set' link button under 'Sign Language' (optional) option.
14. Verify Choose Language Dialog opens.
15. Type 'sign' in the search bar.
16. Verify a list of sign languages available in the list pane.
17. Select 'American Sign Language' from the list.
18. Click the OK button.
19. Verify the American Sign language(ase) is added in the Settings tab.
20. Click the Restart button.
21. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Sign language book under Specialized Templates.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click the Front Cover page.
4. Enter 'Test Advanced Option' in the Title box.
5. Click the Add Page button.
6. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
7. Click the 'Just Video' template.
8. Click the Add Page button.
9. Verify the 'Just Video' page is added.
10. Verify a 'localhost:8089" dialog appears.
11. Click the "Allow" button.
12. Verify the Cam is ON.
13. Click the Record button under the Sign Language Tool menu.
14. Verify the Recording is started.
15. Wait for a few seconds.
16. Click the Stop button.
17. Verify the recording is stopped.
18. Verify the Video appears on the Video pane.
19. Click the Advanced button under the Sign Language Tool menu.
20. Click the 'Import' button.
21. Verify the Open dialog appears.
22. Verify it shows the default folder. (eg., Documents folder)
23. Click the Cancel button.
24. Verify the Open dialog closes.
25. Click the 'Show in Folder' option.
26. Verify the Video folder opens. (eg., C:\Users\UserName\Documents\Bloom\English Books\Test SL book\video)
27. Click the Close button.
28. Verify the Video folder closes.
29. Click the 'Delete' button.
30. Verify 'Confirm Delete' dialog appears.
31. Click the Delete button.
32. Verify the Video is deleted from the Video page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Disconnect the WebCam from the computer.
2. Delete the Subscription Code.
3. Delete the Sign Language book.
4. Close Bloom application.
