---
id: 265
title: "Error creating video on brand-new book"
description: "(584,585,586,587,588,589) Error creating video on brand-new book"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-10-22
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download a Sample.mp4 video into the Downloads folder.
2. Launch Bloom application
3. Click the Settings button.
4. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
5. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
6. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
7. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
8. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
9. Click the Restart button.
10. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
11. Click the Settings button.
12. Verify Settings dialog opens.
13. Click the 'Languages' tab.
14. Click the 'Set' link button under 'Sign Language' (optional) option.
15. Verify Choose Language Dialog opens.
16. Type 'sign' in the search bar.
17. Verify a list of sign languages available in the list pane.
18. Select 'American Sign Language' from the list.
19. Click the OK button.
20. Verify the American Sign language(ase) is added in the Settings tab.
21. Click the Restart button.
22. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Sign language book under Specialized Templates.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click the Front Cover page.
4. Enter 'Test SL Video' in the Title box.
5. Click the Add Page button.
6. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
7. Click the 'Just Video' template.
8. Click the Add Page button.
9. Verify the 'Just Video' page is added.
10. Verify the Sign Language tool menu appears on the rightmost pane.
11. Verify 'No camera found' message appears.
12. Click the Advanced button.
13. Verify Advanced menu opens.
14. Click the Import button.
15. Verify the Open dialog opens.
16. Select the SampleVideo.mp4 file from the folder.
17. Click the Open button.
18. Verify the video appears on the Video pane.
19. Hover the mouse over the video pane.
20. Verify the Play button appears.
21. Click on the Play button.
22. Verify the Video plays.
23. Click the Delete button under the Advanced menu.
24. Verify Confirm Delete dialog opens.
25. Click the Delete button.
26. Verify the Video is deleted from the Video page.
27. Connect the WebCam to the Computer.
28. Verify a 'localhost:8089" dialog appears.
29. Click the "Allow" button.
30. Verify the Cam is ON.
31. Click the Record button under the Sign Language Tool menu.
32. Verify the Recording is started.
33. Wait for a few seconds.
34. Click the Stop button.
35. Verify the recording is stopped.
36. Verify the Video appears on the Video pane.
37. Click the Collections tab.
38. Verify the WebCam is OFF.
39. Click the Edit tab.
40. Verify the WebCam is ON.
41. Click the Publish tab.
42. Verify the WebCam is OFF.
43. Click the Edit tab.
44. Verify the WebCam is ON.
45. Click the Credits Page.
46. Verify the WebCam is OFF.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Sign Language book.
3. Disconnect the WebCam from the computer.
4. Close Bloom application.
