---
id: 266
title: "Sign Language checkbox gets disabled while still checked"
description: "(590) Sign Language checkbox gets disabled while still checked"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-10-09
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download any Sample video file to the Downloads folder.
2. Launch Bloom application
3. Click the Settings button.
4. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
5. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
6. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
7. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
8. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
9. Click the Restart button.
10. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
11. Click the Settings button.
12. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
13. Click the "Set" link button under Sign Language (Optional)
14. Verify the Choose Language dialog opens.
15. Enter 'American Sign' in the Search bar.
16. Select the 'American Sign Language' bar.
17. Click the OK button.
18. Click the Restart button.
19. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click on the "eBook" Template from the Sources For New Book pane.
2. Verify the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button appears on the Right side pane.
3. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify the Edit Pane appears.
5. Enter 'Test Book' in the Front cover title box.
6. Click the Credits page.
7. Click Needs Copyright button.
8. Verify the Copyright and License dialog box opens.
9. Enter ‘Tester’ in the Copyright holder box.
10. Click the OK button.
11. Click on the "Add Page" button.
12. Verify the "Add Page..." dialog appears.
13. Select the "Just Video" Template under Sign language Pages.
14. Click the ADD PAGE button.
15. Verify the Page is added to the Pages on the left side.
16. Click the Advanced button.
17. Click the 'Import' button.
18. Verify the 'Open' dialog appears.
19. Click the Downloads option.
20. Verify the Downloads folder opens.
21. Select the Sample Video file.
22. Click the Open button.
23. Verify the video is added on the page.
24. Click the Publish tab.
25. Click the Web button.
26. Verify Publish to Web view opens.
27. Verify Sign Language Feature is ticked.
28. De-select the Sign Language check box.
29. Check all the three checkboxes under Agreements.
30. Click 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
31. Verify it opens the Sign In / Sign Up dialog.
32. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
33. Enter the registered email (with bloom) in the Email text box. (eg., shawn@eth.net)
34. Click the Next button.
35. Enter valid password in the password text box.
36. Click the Sign In button.
37. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button appears on the Publish to Web view.
38. Click 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button
39. Wait for a few seconds.
40. Click VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button.
41. Verify the book opens in the blorg. (ie., dev.bloomlibrary.org).
42. Click the Bloom icon from the taskbar.
43. Verify the Bloom opens on the desktop.
44. Click the Edit tab.
45. Click the Remove page button.
46. Verify the video page is removed.
47. Click the Publish tab.
48. Click the Web button.
49. Verify Publish to Web view opens.
50. Verify Sign Language Feature is disabled and not checked.
51. Click 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button
52. Verify Upload Progress bar appears.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete Sample video file from the Downloads folder.
3. Delete the eBook.
4. Close Bloom application.
