---
id: 267
title: "Can't upload a book with only sign language"
description: "(591) Can't upload a book with only sign language"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-10-09
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download any Sample video file to the Downloads folder.
2. Launch Bloom application
3. Click the Settings button.
4. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
5. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
6. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
7. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
8. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
9. Click the Restart button.
10. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
11. Click the Settings button.
12. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
13. Click the "Set" link button under Sign Language (Optional)
14. Verify the Choose Language dialog opens.
15. Enter 'American Sign' in the Search bar.
16. Select the 'American Sign Language' bar.
17. Click the OK button.
18. Click the Restart button.
19. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click an eBook.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Enter 'The Golden Touch' in the Front Cover title box.
6. Click the Credits Page thumbnail.
7. Verify the Credits page opens.
8. Click the 'Needs Copyright' button.
9. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
10. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
11. Click the OK button.
12. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
13. Click the Add page button.
14. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
15. Select 'Just Video' template under Sign Language Pages.
16. Click the Add page button.
17. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
18. Click the Advanced button.
19. Click the 'Import' button.
20. Verify the 'Open' dialog appears.
21. Click the Downloads option.
22. Verify the Downloads folder opens.
23. Select the Sample Video file.
24. Click the Open button.
25. Verify the video is added on the page.
26. Click the Publish tab.
27. Click the Web button.
28. Verify Publish to Web view opens.
29. Verify Sign Language Feature is ticked.
30. Check all the three checkboxes under Agreements.
31. Click 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
32. Verify it opens the Sign In / Sign Up dialog.
33. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
34. Enter the registered email (with bloom) in the Email text box. (eg., shawn@eth.net)
35. Click the Next button.
36. Enter valid password in the password text box.
37. Click the Sign In button.
38. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button appears on the Publish to Web view.
39. Click 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button
40. Wait for a few seconds.
41. Click VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button.
42. Verify the book opens in the blorg. (ie., dev.bloomlibrary.org).

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete Sample video file from the Downloads folder.
3. Delete the eBook.
4. Close Bloom application.
