---
id: 268
title: "Responsiveness in Collections and Edit"
description: "(592)Test responsiveness in Collections and Edit"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-10-14
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download SL Torture Books.zip file from the given link: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1bYLGICnc8fVH4CsVvVJGsCGLEXdi04TA (Needs Developer's approval)
2. Unzip the SL Torture Books-20251014T113048Z-1-001 file.
3. Copy the SL Torture Books. (eg., from downloads folder)
4. Paste the SL Torture book in to Bloom folder. (eg., C:\Users\UserName\Documents\Bloom)
5. Double click on the SL Torture book folder.
6. Verify the book folder opens.
7. Double click on SL Torture Books.BloomCollection file.
8. Verify the book collection opens in the Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Right click on the Bloom toolbar.
2. Verify a menu opens.
3. Click the 'Start Measuring Performance' option.
4. Verify Bloom Performance Measurement page opens.
5. Click 'Bo Messy 180-page..' book thumbnail under SL Torture Books.
6. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
7. Verify the books open in the edit mode.
8. Click Page 1. (or Navigate all pages)
9. Click Page 4.
10. Click Page 6.
11. Click Page 9.
12. Click Page13.
13. Click the Collections tab.
14. Verify Collections view appears.
15. Click the Edit tab.
16. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
17. Click the Collections tab.
18. Verify Collections view appears.
19. Click 'Detective Stick 120-page' book thumbnail.
20. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
21. Verify the books open in the edit mode.
22. Click Page 3. (or Navigate all pages)
23. Click Page 8.
24. Click Page13.
25. Click Page 14.
26. Click Page17.
27. Click the Collections tab.
28. Verify Collections view appears.
29. Click the Edit tab.
30. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
31. Click the Collections tab.
32. Verify Collections view appears.
33. Click 'Bo Messy 180-page..' book thumbnail
34. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
35. Verify the books open in the edit mode.
36. Click the Collections tab.
37. Verify Collections view appears.
38. Click 'Bo Messy 180-page..' book thumbnail
39. Click 'Detective Stick 120-page' book thumbnail
40. Click 'Bo Messy 180-page..' book thumbnail
41. Click 'Detective Stick 120-page' book thumbnail
42. Click 'Bo Messy 180-page..' book thumbnail
43. Click 'Detective Stick 120-page' book thumbnail
44. Click 'Bo Messy 180-page..' book thumbnail
45. Click 'Detective Stick 120-page' book thumbnail
46. Open Bloom Performance Measurement page in the browser.
47. Verify the memory usage remains stable.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Close Bloom Performance Measurement page from the browser window.
2. Delete the SL Torture Book collection.
3. Close Bloom application.
