---
id: 27
title: "Themes, Margins & Padding"
description: "est case for Themes, Margins & Padding"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-04
last-modified: 2025-07-29
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click 'A Family Learns about Immunisations' Shell book under Sample Shells heading which appears at the bottom left pane.
2. Verify 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button is available on the right pane.
3. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
5. Click Page 6 thumbnail under Pages pane.
6. Verify Page 6 appears on the right pane.
7. Verify the number 6 appears at the bottom left corner of the page.
8. Click the Page layout pull-down list box which appears in the Standard toolbar.
9. Select "Device 16x9 Portrait" option.
10. Verify the page layout is changed to Portrait orientation.
11. Click the Page layout pull-down list box
12. Select "A6 Portrait" option.
13. Verify the page layout is changed to Portrait orientation.
14. Click the Page layout pull-down list box
15. Select "A5 Portrait" option.
16. Verify the page layout is changed to Portrait orientation.
17. Click the Page layout pull-down list box.
18. Select "Device 16x9 Landscape" option.
19. Verify the page layout is changed to Landscape orientation.
20. Click Page 4 thumbnail.
21. Verify the Page 4 opens in the right pane.
22. Click the Book Settings button.
23. Verify the Book Settings dialog opens.
24. Click the Content pages tab.
25. Click the Page Theme drop down list box.
26. Verify the Page Theme down down list opens.
27. Click the "Rounded Border Ebook" option.
28. Click the OK button.
29. Verify the Page border is changed to rounded border.
30. Click the "Zero Margin Book" option.
31. Click the OK button.
32. Verify the image has no margin and appear at the top of the page.
33. Click the "Legacy (Bloom 5.6) option.
34. Verify a warning message 'The selected page theme does not support the following settings' appears on the page.
35. Click the Page Theme drop down list box.
36. Verify the Page Theme down down list opens.
37. Click the "Default" option.
38. Verify the page has numbers
39. Verify the default margins appear on all the sides.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the 'A Family Learns about Immunisations'  book.
2. Close Bloom application.
