---
id: 270
title: "Publish ePUB with title Special Characters"
description: "(390) Publish ePUB with title Special Characters"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-02
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Type 'https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9mtzsjs9jsvw?hl=en-US&gl=US' in a browser search bar.
2. Verify eKitabu e-reader page opens.
3. Click the Download button.
4. Verify eKitabu Installer file is downloaded in the system.
5. Double click on the 'eKitabu e-reader Installer' file.
6. Verify 'eKitabu e-reader..The latest version is installed' dialog box appears.
7. Launch Bloom application
8. Click the Settings button.
9. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
10. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
11. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
12. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
13. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
14. Click the Restart button.
15. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a "Basic Book" from the left pane.
2. Verify that the "Basic Book" is displayed in the right pane.
3. Click the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify that the template is opened in the edit mode.
5. Click the "Front Cover" page from the "Pages" pane.
6. Verify that the user redirected to the Front Cover page.
7. Enter '~!@#$%^&amp;*()_-+={}[]|\:;"'<>.?/' in the title field.
8. Click the "Publish" tab.
9. Verify that the Publish view is displayed.
10. Click the "ePUB" button from the left pane.
11. Verify that the "Publish as ePUB" is displayed in the right pane.
12. Click the "SAVE..." button.
13. Verify that the "Creating ePUB..." dialog box is displayed.
14. Verify that the "Save As" dialog box is displayed.
15. Enter the "File name".
16. Set the “Save as type” to “ePUB files”.
17. Click the "Save" button.
18. Open the saved file in the “eKitabu” application.
19. Verify that “~!@#$%^&amp;*()_-+={}[]|\:;"'<>.?/” is displayed in the Bloom/Front cover/title page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Close Bloom application.
