---
id: 271
title: "Publish Bloom Reader with title (with Special Characters)"
description: "(391) Publish Bloom Reader with title (with Special Characters)"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-10-07
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Enter 'Unsafe ~`!@#$%^&*()_-+={}[]\:;"'<,>.?/' in the Front Cover title box.
6. Click the Add page button.
7. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
8. Select 'Basic Text & Picture' template.
9. Click the Add page button.
10. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
11. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
12. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
13. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
14. Press the Enter key.
15. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
16. Click any of the Car images.
17. Click the OK button.
18. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
19. Enter ‘This is a car’ in the text box.
20. Click the Publish tab.
21. Click the BloomPUB button.
22. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
23. Click the Preview button.
24. Verify the book opens in the Preview pane.
25. Verify that the Bloom Reader preview displays the book title correctly.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Basic book..
3. Close Bloom application.
