---
id: 272
title: "Rename title of book (SL book)"
description: "(393) Rename title of book (SL book)"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-10-07
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click 'A Family Learns about Immunisations' shell book under Sample Shells.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
4. Delete the Front cover title. (eg., A Family Learns about Immunisations)
5. Enter 'Test Book' in the Front cover title box.
6. Click on any page thumbnail. (eg., Page 9)
7. Verify Page 9 thumbnail gets highlighted.
8. Verify Page 9 opens on the Edit view.
9. Verify the selected page should not jump to the top of the Pages panel.
10. Click Page 4 thumbnail.
11. Verify Page 4 thumbnail gets highlighted.
12. Verify Page 4 opens on the Edit view.
13. Click the Add Page button.
14. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
15. Select 'Just Video' template under Sign Language Pages.
16. Click the Add Page button.
17. Verify 'Use your camera' dialog open.
18. Click the 'Allow' button.
19. Verify the web camera is ON.
20. Click the Record button under the Sign Language Tool menu.
21. Verify the recording starts.
22. Click the Stop button after a few seconds.
23. Verify the Video appears on the Video page.
24. Click Page 13 thumbnail.
25. Click the video page thumbnail.
26. Verify the Video page thumbnail gets highlighted.
27. Verify the selected page should not jump to the top of the Pages panel.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Disconnect the Webcam from the computer.
2. Delete the Subscription code.
3. Delete the ‘Test Book’.
4. Close Bloom application.
