---
id: 273
title: "Rename books with html5 widgets"
description: "(394) can't rename books with html5 widgets"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-04
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Navigate to "https://bloomlibrary.org/book/4t3yOrisMg" in a browser to download the book (3-5) Spider.
2. Click the "Download into Bloom Editor" button.
3. In the "Almost there" popup, click "Download Book".
4. Wait until the book (3-5) Spider, Spider is added to the Bloom collection.
5. In the "Open Bloom?" popup, click "Open Bloom".
6. Click the "OK" button in the "Download Complete" popup.
6. Verify that the book "(3-5) Spider" is downloaded successfully and the Bloom application launches with the downloaded book.

**Action Steps**

1. Verify that the "(3-5) Spider, Spider" book preview is displayed in the right pane.
2. Click the ‘MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE’ button.
3. Verify that the "(3-5) Spider, Spider" is opened in the Edit mode.
4. Navigate to the "Collections" tab.
5. Right click on the book "(3-5) Spider, Spider".
6. Click the "Show in File Explorer" option from the submenu.
7. Verify that the folder named "3-5 Spider Spider" is displayed.
8. Double-click the folder named “3-5 Spider Spider” to open it.
9. Verify that the "3-5 Spider Spider.htm" file is displayed.
10. Navigate to the Bloom application.
11. Verify that the "(3-5) Spider, Spider" book preview is displayed in the right pane.
12. Click the "EDIT THIS BOOK" button.
13. Verify that the "(3-5) Spider, Spider" is opened in the Edit mode.
14. Click the Front cover page.
15. In the English language title box, rename the title "(3-5) Spider, Spider" to "TestBook1".
16. Click on Page 17.
17. Verify that the page contains the embedded HTML widget and loads properly.
18. Click the Collections tab.
19. Right click on the book "TestBook1".
20. Click the "Rename Book" option from the submenu.
21. Enter "TestBook2" and press Enter button.
22. Verify that Bloom does not exit or crash.
23. Verify that the book folder name is updated to "TestBook2".
24. Right click on the book "TestBook2".
25. Click the "Show in File Explorer" option from the submenu.
26. Verify that the folder named "TestBook2" is displayed.
27. Double-click the folder named "TestBook2" to open it.
28. Verify that the "TestBook2.htm" file is displayed.
29. Navigate to the Bloom application.
30. Verify that the "TestBook1" book preview is displayed in the right pane.
31. Click the "EDIT THIS BOOK" button.
32. Verify that the "TestBook1" is opened in the Edit mode.
33. Click the Front cover page.
34. In the English language title box, rename the title "TestBook1" to "TestBook3".
35. Click the Collections tab.
36. Verify that the book folder name remains "TestBook2" in the left pane.
37. Right click on the book "TestBook2".
38. Click the "Rename Book" option from the submenu.
39. Delete the text in the rename field (leave it empty).
40. Press the "Enter" button.
41. Verify that the book folder name is restored to "TestBook3".
42. Right click on the book "TestBook3".
43. Click the "Show in File Explorer" option from the submenu.
44. Verify that the folder named "TestBook3" is displayed.
45. Double-click the folder named "TestBook3" to open it.
46. Verify that the "TestBook3.htm" file is displayed.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the book “TestBook3”.
2. Close Bloom application.
