---
id: 276
title: "Don't allow exporting *anything* within the collection folder"
description: "(397) Don't allow exporting *anything* within the collection folder"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-04
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Make sure the English Books Collection setup is available.
3. Make sure Windows Displays "scale and layout" size is 100 %.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Moon and the Cap book from the Left pane under the Sample Shells.
2. Verify the book preview appears on the right side.
3. Verify the MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears.
4. Click on the MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
5. Verify the Moon and the Cap book opens in the edit mode.
6. Click on the Publish tab.
7. Click on the PDF & Print button.
8. Verify the Publish to PDF & Print page appears.
9. Click on the Simple button from the Booklet Mode.
10. Verify the Progress dialog for creating pdf appears.
11. Verify the Moon and the Cap book pdf file generated and displayed.
12. Click on the Save as PDF button.
13. Verify it opens the Save As dialog.
14. Select the following folder ".......Documents\Bloom\English Books"
15. Click the SAVE button.
16. Verify the alert "Bloom cannot save files inside the collection folder" appears on the Bloom application.
17. Click on the OK button from the alert box.
18. Verify the alert box closes.
19. Verify the Save As dialog appears.
20. Click on the Cancel button.
21. Verify the Save As dialog closes.
22. Verify the Bloom application appears.
23. Click on the BloomPUB button.
24. Verify the Publish as BloomPUB page appears.
25. Verify the Save BloomPUB File radio button appears.
26. Click on the Save BloomPUB File radio button.
27. Verify the Save BloomPUB File radio button is selected.
28. Verify the SAVE... button appears.
29. Click on the SAVE... button
30. Verify it opens the Save As dialog.
31. Select the following folder ".......Documents\Bloom\English Books"
32. Click the SAVE button.
33. Verify the alert "Bloom cannot save files inside the collection folder" appears on the Bloom application.
34. Click on the OK button from the alert box.
35. Verify the alert box closes.
36. Verify the Save As dialog appears.
37. Click on the Cancel button.
38. Verify the Save As dialog closes.
39. Verify the Bloom application appears.
40. Click on the ePUB button.
41. Verify the Publish as ePUB page appears.
42. Verify the SAVE... button appears.
43. Verify the Creating ePUB dialog appears.
44. Verify it opens the Save As dialog.
45. Select the following folder ".......Documents\Bloom\English Books"
46. Click the SAVE button.
47. Verify the alert "Bloom cannot save files inside the collection folder" appears on the Bloom application.
48. Click on the OK button from the alert box.
49. Verify the alert box closes.
50. Verify the Save As dialog appears.
51. Click on the Cancel button.
52. Verify the Save As dialog closes.
53. Verify the Creating ePUB dialog displays.
54. Click the CLOSE button from the Creating ePUB dialog.
55. Verify the Creating ePUB dialog closes.
56. Click the Audio or Video button.
57. Verify Publish as Audio or Video page appears.
58. Verify that the following items are displayed: 1) Configure & Preview, 2) Make Recording , 3) Check Recording, 4) Save.
59. Click the PREVIEW button from the 1) Configure & Preview.
60. Verify the Creating the digital dialog box appears and closes.
61. Verify the Moon and the Cap book preview displays under the PREVIEW button.
62. Verify the "RECORD" button becomes active on the 2) Make     .
63. Click on the "RECORD" button.
64. Verify the Recording in Progress dialog displays.
65. Wait until the Recording in Progress dialog closes itself.
66. Verify the Progressing Video dialog appears.
67. Click the CLOSE button.
68. Verify the Progressing Video dialog closes.
69. Verify the "PLAY RECORDING" button becomes active on the 3) Check Recording.
70. Verify the SAVE.. button becomes active on the 4) Save.
71. Click the SAVE... button.
72. Verify it opens the Save As dialog.
73. Select the following folder ".......Documents\Bloom\English Books"
74. Click the SAVE button.
75. Verify the alert "Bloom cannot save files inside the collection folder" appears on the Bloom application.
76. Click on the OK button from the alert box.
77. Verify the alert box closes.
78. Verify the Save As dialog appears.
79. Click on the Cancel button.
80. Verify the Save As dialog closes.
81. Verify Publish as Audio or Video page appears.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Moon and the Cap book
2. Close Bloom application.
