---
id: 278
title: "Styles build on Normal and don't let you undo underline, background, etc. if Normal had it"
description: "(357) Styles build on Normal and don't let you undo underline, background, etc. if Normal had it"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-08-29
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application with the English book collection

**Action Steps**

1. Verify that the ‘Sources for New Books’ section appeared on the left pane
2. Click a ‘Basic book’ from the Templates in the ‘Source for New Books’ section
3. Verify that the template preview is opened
4. Click on the ‘MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE’ button
5. Verify that the template is opened in the edit mode.
6. Click on the ‘Add a page’ button on the ‘Pages’ pane.
7. Verify that the ‘Add Page…’ dialog opened
8. Click on the 'Just a text' template in the ‘Basic Pages’ section.
9. Click on the ‘Add Page’ button.
10. Verify the page is created in the ‘Just a text’ template.
11. Enter some text "The Greek king Midas did a good deed for a Satyr. This prompted Dionysus, the god of wine, to grant him a wish. Midas asked for everything he touched to turn to gold. " in the text box.
12. Triple click on the sentence 'Midas asked for everything he touched to turn to gold word’.
13. Verify that the sentence gets selected.
14. Verify that the format toolbar appeared.
15. Click on the Underline button from the format toolbar.
16. Click on the Text color color drop down button.
17. Verify that the Text color palette opens.
18. Click on the Orange color.
19. Verify the text color of the sentence is changed to Orange.
20. Click on the gear icon which appeared at the bottom left corner of the text box.
21. Verify that the Format dialog appeared
22. Click on the ‘Style’ dropdown menu in the ‘Style Name’ tab.
23. Select ‘Heading 1’ from the dropdown list.
24. Verify that the Sentence changed to Heading 1 format.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Close the Bloom application.
