---
id: 279
title: "Style dialog remembers color across style change"
description: "(358) Style dialog remembers color across style change"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-08-29
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Verify that the ‘Sources for New Books’ section appeared on the left pane
2. Click a ‘Basic Book’ from the Templates in the ‘Source for New Books’ section
3. Verify that the template preview appears
4. Click on the ‘MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE’ button
5. Verify that the book opens in edit mode.
6. Click on the ‘Add Page’ button on the ‘Pages’ pane.
7. Verify that the “Add Page…’’ dialog appears
8. Click on the ‘Just Text’ template in the ‘Basic Pages’ section.
9. Click on the ‘Add Page’ button.
10. Verify the page is created in the ‘Just Text’ template.
11. Enter the text, "The Greek king Midas did a good deed for a Satyr" into the text box.
12. Triple-click on the sentence 'The Greek king Midas did a good deed for a Satyr’.
13. Verify that the entire sentence gets selected.
14. Verify that the format toolbar appears.
15. Click on the gear icon that appeared at the bottom left corner of the text box.
16. Verify that the “Format Dialog” opens.
17. Click the “Style Name” tab.
18. Verify that the “Style” list box appears.
19. Click on the “Style” list box.
20. Verify that the list options appear.
21. Select the “Heading 1” from the list option.
22. Verify that the selected sentence appears in the “Heading 1” format.
23. Click on the “Characters” tab.
24. Click on the “Color” picker box.
25. Verify that the “Text Color” dialog appears.
26. Click on the “Green” color box.
27. Click on the “OK” button on the “Text Color” dialog.
28. Verify that the selected sentence color changes to “Green” color.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Close Bloom application.
