---
id: 28
title: "Changing Windows \"Regional format\" ; comma rather than a period."
description: "Test case for Changing Windows \"Regional format\" to English (Swedish), such that the Decimal symbol is a comma rather than a period."
issues: []
created: 2024-09-09
last-modified: 2025-10-17
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Connect the WebCam to the Computer.
2. Type Settings in the Windows Search bar.
3. Press the Enter key.
4. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
5. Click Time&Language option.
6. Click the Region option from the right pane.
7. Verify Region dialog appears.
8. Set Regional format to English (Sweden).
9. Click Additional date,time,&regional settings link button
10. Verify Click and Region dialog opens.
11. Click the 'Change date,time,or number format' link under Region.
12. Verify Region dialog opens.
13. Select 'English(Sweden) format.
14. Click the Additional settings button.
15. Verify the Decimal symbol changes to comma. (,)
16. Click the OK button.
17. Click the Apply button.
18. Click the OK button.
19. Verify the Region dialog closes.
20. Close all other windows.
21. Launch Bloom application.
22. Click the Settings button.
23. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
24. Click the 'Set' link button under Sign Language (Optional)
25. Verify the Choose Language dialog opens.
26. Enter 'sign' in the Search box.
27. Verify  American Sign Language appears.
28. Click the OK button.
29. Verify the American Sign Language(ase) appears under Sign Language.
30. Click the Restart button.
31. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
32. Click the Settings button.
33. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
34. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
35. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
36. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
37. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
38. Click the Restart button.
39. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click on a Sign Language  book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Enter 'The Golden Touch' in the Front Cover title box.
6. Click the Add page button.
7. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
8. Select 'Just a Video' template under Sign Language Pages.
9. Click the Add page button.
10. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
11. Verify the Camera is ON.
12. Click the Record button under Sign Language Tool.
13. Verify the recording is started.
14. Click the Stop button.
15. Verify the recording is stopped.
16. Hover the mouse over the Video page.
17. Click the Play button.
18. Verify the video plays.
19. Click the Publish tab.
20. Click the ePUB button.
21. Verify Publish as ePUB view opens.
22. Click the Preview button.
23. Verify the book appears in the Preview pane.
24. Verify the video plays correctly
25. Click the Save button.
26. Verify the Save As dialog opens.
27. Click the Save button.
28. Verify the book is saved as an ePUB file.
29. Click the BloomPUB button.
30. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
31. Click the Preview button.
32. Verify the book appears in the Preview pane.
33. Verify the video plays correctly.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Disconnect the WebCam from the computer.
2. Restore the Regional Settings in Windows.
3. Delete the Subscription code.
4. Delete the Sign Language book.
