---
id: 281
title: "French Decodable & Leveled Readers Quick Test"
description: "(410, 411, 412) French Decodable & Leveled Readers Quick Test"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-08-29
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Clear out C:\Users\USERS\AppData\Local\BloomBetaInternal
2. Clear out C:\Users\USERS\AppData\Local\SIL\BetaInternalxxx)
3. Download the three books Turka Decodable.BloomPack, French Decodable Leveled.BloomPack, English Decodable.BloomPack from the given linke https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1WWDT2Iz7Q6Mh0Q_96Jiy1Y-RM-NG7UoS (Needs Devloper's approval)
4. Launch Bloom application
5. Click the Settings button.
6. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
7. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
8. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
9. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
10. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
11. Click the Restart button.
12. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Settings button.
2. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
3. Click the Change link under the Local Language field.
4. Verify the Choose Language dialog opens.
5. Enter 'French' in the Search box.
6. Verify the francais language bar appears.
7. Click the francais language bar.
8. Verify the OK button is enabled.
9. Click the OK button.
10. Verify the Local language is changed to 'French'
11. Click the Restart button.
12. Verify bloom gets restarted.
13. Click 'French DR' book under French Decodable Leveled heading (which appears in the lower left pane of Collections view)
14. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
15. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
16. Click Page 1 thumbnail.
17. Verify the page should contain no highlighted words if the corresponding stage is set to 1.
18. Click Page 2 thumbnail.
19. Click the Next button '>" near Stage 1 of 13.
20. Verify the page should contain no highlighted words if the corresponding stage is set to 2.
21. Click Page 3 thumbnail.
22. Click the Next button '>" near Stage 2 of 13.
23. Verify the page should contain no highlighted words if the corresponding stage is set to 3.
24. Click Page 4 thumbnail.
25. Click the Next button '>" near Stage 3 of 13.
26. Verify the page should contain no highlighted words if the corresponding stage is set to 4.
27. Click Page 5 thumbnail.
28. Click the Next button '>" near Stage 4 of 13.
29. Verify the page should contain no highlighted words if the corresponding stage is set to 5.
30. Click Page 6 thumbnail.
31. Click the Next button '>" near Stage 5 of 13.
32. Verify the page should contain no highlighted words if the corresponding stage is set to 6.
33. Click Page 7 thumbnail.
34. Click the Next button '>" near Stage 6 of 13.
35. Verify the page should contain no highlighted words if the corresponding stage is set to 7.
36. Click Page 8 thumbnail.
37. Click the Next button '>" near Stage 7 of 13.
38. Verify the page should contain no highlighted words if the corresponding stage is set to 8.
39. Click Page 9 thumbnail.
40. Click the Next button '>" near Stage 8 of 13.
41. Verify the page should contain no highlighted words if the corresponding stage is set to 9.
42. Click Page 10 thumbnail.
43. Click the Next button '>" near Stage 9 of 13.
44. Verify the page should contain no highlighted words if the corresponding stage is set to 10.
45. Click Page 11 thumbnail.
46. Click the Next button '>" near Stage 10 of 13.
47. Verify the page should contain no highlighted words if the corresponding stage is set to 11.
48. Click Page 12 thumbnail.
49. Click the Next button '>" near Stage 11 of 13.
50. Verify the page should contain no highlighted words if the corresponding stage is set to 12.
51. Click Page 13 thumbnail.
52. Click the Next button '>" near Stage 12 of 13.
53. Verify the page should contain no highlighted words if the corresponding stage is set to 13.
54. Click Page 14 thumbnail.
55. Click the Previous button '<" twice to see Stage 11 of 13.
56. Verify the page should contain no highlighted words if the corresponding stage is set to 14.
57. Click Page 15 thumbnail.
58. Click the Next button '>" near Stage 12 of 13.
59. Verify the page should contain no highlighted words if the corresponding stage is set to 12.
60. Click Page 12 thumbnail.
61. Enter some sight words 'être', 'avoir', 'aller' in Page 12.
62. Verify the page should contain no highlighted words if the corresponding stage is set to 12.
63. Click Page 11 thumbnail.
64. Remove letters 'ch' from the page.
65. Click Page 1 thumbnail.
66. Enter 'Cha' in Page 1.
67. Set the Stage to 'Stage 1 of 13'
68. Verify 'cha' should not be highlighted.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the French DR book.
3. Close Bloom application.
