---
id: 282
title: "French Decodable & Leveled Readers Quick Test (with Stage 5)"
description: "(413) French Decodable & Leveled Readers Quick Test (with Stage 5)"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-08-29
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Clear out C:\Users\USERS\AppData\Local\BloomBetaInternal
2. Clear out C:\Users\USERS\AppData\Local\SIL\BetaInternalxxx)
3. Download the three books Turka Decodable.BloomPack, French Decodable Leveled.BloomPack, English Decodable.BloomPack from the given linke https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1WWDT2Iz7Q6Mh0Q_96Jiy1Y-RM-NG7UoS (Needs Devloper's approval)
4. Launch Bloom application
5. Click the Settings button.
6. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
7. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
8. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
9. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
10. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
11. Click the Restart button.
12. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Settings button.
2. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
3. Click the Change link under the Local Language field.
4. Verify the Choose Language dialog opens.
5. Enter 'French' in the Search box.
6. Verify the francais language bar appears.
7. Click the francais language bar.
8. Verify the OK button is enabled.
9. Click the OK button.
10. Verify the Local language is changed to 'French'
11. Click the Restart button.
12. Verify bloom gets restarted.
13. Click 'Stage 5' book under French Decodable Leveled heading (which appears in the lower left pane of Collections view)
14. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
15. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
16. Verify the book should be in A4 Landscape.
17. Verify the Decodable Reader Stage should be 5 in the right most pane. (eg., Stage 5 of 13)
18. Click Page 1 thumbnail.
19. Verify Page 1 opens in the edit view.
20. Hover the mouse under the picture pane.
21. Verify that there is an empty text box with a gear icon.
22. Click on the gear icon.
23. Verify a message 'Sorry, Reader Templates do not allow changes..' appear on the Format dialog.
24. Click outside of the text pane.
25. Verify the Format dialog closes.
26. Verify the left image indicates a message that "this formatting is the default for all text boxes with 'normal' style.
27. Verify the right image indicates a message that 'this formatting is for all text boxes with 'normal' style.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete ‘Stage 5’ book.
3. Close Bloom application.
