---
id: 283
title: "French Decodable & Leveled Readers Quick Test ( LR1: Levels 1-3 Word Lengths)"
description: "(414) French Decodable & Leveled Readers Quick Test ( LR1: Levels 1-3 Word Lengths)"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-08-29
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Clear out C:\Users\USERS\AppData\Local\BloomBetaInternal
2. Clear out C:\Users\USERS\AppData\Local\SIL\BetaInternalxxx)
3. Download the three books Turka Decodable.BloomPack, French Decodable Leveled.BloomPack, English Decodable.BloomPack from the given linke https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1WWDT2Iz7Q6Mh0Q_96Jiy1Y-RM-NG7UoS (Needs Devloper's approval)
4. Launch Bloom application
5. Click the Settings button.
6. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
7. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
8. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
9. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
10. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
11. Click the Restart button.
12. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Settings button.
2. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
3. Click the Change link under the Local Language field.
4. Verify the Choose Language dialog opens.
5. Enter 'French' in the Search box.
6. Verify the francais language bar appears.
7. Click the francais language bar.
8. Verify the OK button is enabled.
9. Click the OK button.
10. Verify the Local language is changed to 'French'
11. Click the Restart button.
12. Verify bloom gets restarted.
13. Click 'LR1:Levels 1-3 Word Lengths' book under French Decodable Leveled heading (which appears in the lower left pane of Collections view)
14. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
15. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
16. Click Page 1 thumbnail.
17. Verify Page 1 opens in the edit view.
18. Set the Level to "Level 1 of 7" in the right most pane. (Leveled Reader Tool menu)
19. Verify the word 'letters' are highlighted on the page.
20. Click Page 2 thumbnail.
21. Verify Page 2 opens in the edit view.
22. Set the Level to "Level 2 of 7".
23. Verify the word 'victimize' is highlighted on the page.
24. Click Page 3 thumbnail.
25. Verify Page 3 opens in the edit view.
26. Set the Level to "Level 3 of 7".
27. Verify the word 'wastebasket' is highlighted on the page.
28. Click the picture pane which appears on the lower right pane.
29. Verify the stats of "This Book" should match with the Leveled Reader Tool menu. (eg., total - 80)
30. Click the triangle button of the Page 3 thumbnail.
31. Verify an option menu opens.
32. Click the 'Duplicate Page' option.
33. Verify a duplicate page appears in Page 4 view.
34. Verify the stats of "This Book" should increase. (eg., total - 104)
35. Click the triangle button near the duplicate page (ie., Page 4)
36. Verify an option menu appears.
37. Click the 'Remove Page' option.
38. Verify 'This page will be permanently removed' warning dialog appears.
39. Click the 'Remove' button.
40. Verify the page is removed from the Pages pane.
41. Click page 4.
42. Verify page 4 contains no text (ie., it's only a picture page).
43. Verify Page 4 should not affect the stats.
44. Click page 5.
45. Verify page 5 contains no text (ie., it's only a picture page).
46. Verify Page 5 should not affect the stats.
47. Click page 6.
48. Verify page 6 contains no text (ie., it's only a picture page).
49. Verify Page 6 should not affect the stats.
50. Click on Page 6 thumbnail.
51. Verify a triangle button appears at the bottom right corner of the thumbnail.
52. Click on the triangle button.
53. Verify an option menu appears.
54. Click the 'Remove Page' option.
55. Verify 'This page will be permanently removed' warning dialog appears.
56. Click the 'Remove' button.
57. Verify the page is removed from the Pages pane.
58. Verify delete page 6 should not affect the stats.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete ‘'LR1:Levels 1-3 Word Lengths’ book.
3. Close Bloom application.
