---
id: 284
title: "French Decodable & Leveled Readers Quick Test ( LR2: Levels 4-6 Words in Sentences)"
description: "(415) French Decodable & Leveled Readers Quick Test ( LR2: Levels 4-6 Words in Sentences)"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-08-29
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Clear out C:\Users\USERS\AppData\Local\BloomBetaInternal
2. Clear out C:\Users\USERS\AppData\Local\SIL\BetaInternalxxx)
3. Download the three books Turka Decodable.BloomPack, French Decodable Leveled.BloomPack, English Decodable.BloomPack from the given linke https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1WWDT2Iz7Q6Mh0Q_96Jiy1Y-RM-NG7UoS (Needs Devloper's approval)
4. Launch Bloom application
5. Click the Settings button.
6. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
7. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
8. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
9. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
10. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
11. Click the Restart button.
12. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Settings button.
2. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
3. Click the Change link under the Local Language field.
4. Verify the Choose Language dialog opens.
5. Enter 'French' in the Search box.
6. Verify the francais language bar appears.
7. Click the francais language bar.
8. Verify the OK button is enabled.
9. Click the OK button.
10. Verify the Local language is changed to 'French'
11. Click the Restart button.
12. Verify bloom gets restarted.
13. Click 'LR2: Levels 4-6 Words in Sentences' book under French Decodable Leveled heading (which appears in the lower left pane of Collections view)
14. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
15. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
16. Click Page 1 thumbnail.
17. Verify Page 1 opens in the edit view.
18. Verify an image appears at the lower right pane of the page.
19. Compare the results of the image with the results of the Leveled Reader Tool menu.(which appears at the rightmost pane)
20. Verify the results are the same as in the image.
21. Click Page 2 thumbnail.
22. Verify Page 2 opens in the edit view.
23. Verify an image appears at the lower right pane of the page.
24. Set the Level to 'Level 5 of 7' under the Leveled Reader Tool menu. (ie., Level 5 of 7)
25. Compare the results of the image with the results of the Leveled Reader Tool menu.(which appears at the rightmost pane)
26. Verify the results are the same as in the image.
27. Verify 'But this one has a bunch of ..' paragraph gets highlighted.
28. Click Page 3 thumbnail.
29. Verify Page 3 opens in the edit view.
30. Verify an image appears at the lower right pane of the page.
31. Set the Level to 'Level 6 of 7' under the Leveled Reader Tool menu. (ie., Level 6 of 7)
32. Compare the results of the image with the results of the Leveled Reader Tool menu.(which appears at the rightmost pane)
33. Verify the results are the same as in the image.
34. Verify 'It takes sixteen words to make this ..' paragraph gets highlighted.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete 'LR2: Levels 4-6 Words in Sentences’ book.
3. Close Bloom application.
