---
id: 285
title: "Decodable Reader Quick Test"
description: "(425,426,427,428,429) Decodable Reader Quick Test"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-10-22
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download Spanish Sample texts from the given link : https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1WWDT2Iz7Q6Mh0Q_96Jiy1Y-RM-NG7UoS.
2. Launch Bloom application.
3. Click the 'Other Collection' button.
4. Verify 'Open/Create Collections' dialog opens.
5. Click the 'Create New Collection' button.
6. Verify 'Create New Bloom Collection'  dialog opens.
7. Enter 'Spanish' in the Search box.
8. Verify Spanish language bar appears.
9. Click the Spanish language bar.
10. Click the Next button.
11. Verify Font and Script view appears.
12. Click the Next button.
13. Verify Give Language Location view appears.
14. Click the Next button.
15. Verify 'español Books' appear as Collection Name.
16. Click the Next button.
17. Verify 'Ready to create New collection' pane appears.
18. Click the Finish button.
19. Verify a new collection 'español Books' appears on the Collections view.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Decodable Reader template under Specialized Templates.
2. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button.
3. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
4. Verify the Decodable Reader Tool menu appears on the rightmost pane.
5. Verify 'Stage 1 of 1' appears under the Decodable Reader menu.
6. Click the Add page button.
7. Verify the Add page dialog opens.
8. Click 'Basic Text & Picture' template under Decodable Reader templates.
9. Click the Add page button.
10. Verify 'Basic Text & Picture' page is added.
11. Enter 'pruebas' on the page.
12. Click the gear icon from the text pane.
13. Verify the Format dialog opens.
14. Click the Characters tab.
15. Select '28' as the Font size.
16. Click outside of the Format dialog.
17. Click the Add page button.
18. Verify the Add page dialog opens.
19. Click 'Basic Text & Picture' template under Decodable Reader templates.
20. Click the Add page button.
21. Verify 'Basic Text & Picture' page is added.
22. Enter 'lector decodificable' in the page.
23. Click the gear icon from the text pane.
24. Verify the Format dialog opens.
25. Select '40' as the Font size.
26. Click outside of the Format dialog.
27. Click the Add page button.
28. Verify the Add page dialog opens.
29. Click 'Basic Text & Picture' template under Decodable Reader templates.
30. Click the Add page button.
31. Verify 'Basic Text & Picture' page is added.
32. Enter 'Prueba de lector decodificable' in the page.
33. Click the gear icon from the text pane.
34. Verify the Format dialog opens.
35. Select '45' as the Font size.
36. Click outside of the Format dialog.
37. Click the 'Setup Stages' link button.
38. Verify the 'Set up Decodable Reader Tool' dialog opens.
39. Click the Sample Words tab.
40. Click the 'Sample Texts Folder' link button.
41. Verify the Sample Text folder opens.
42. Paste the Spanish text files into that folder.
43. Verify the Spanish text files appear under the Sample Words tab.
44. Click the Decodable Stages tab.
45. Select 'p','r','b' under Previous and New Letters heading.
46. Click the OK button.
47. Click Page 1.
48. Verify the Stage 1 of 1 appears.
49. Click the 'Setup Stages' link button.
50. Verify the 'Set up Decodable Reader Tool' dialog opens.
51. Enter "puedes" under 'New Sight Words' text box.
52. Click the OK button.
53. Verify 'puedes' is added under 'Sample words in this stage' heading.
54. Click the 'Setup Stages' link button.
55. Verify the 'Set up Decodable Reader Tool' dialog opens.
56. Click the Add Stage link button in 'Decodable Stages' tab.
57. Verify Stage 2 appears.
58. Select 'l','c','e' under Previous and New Letters heading.
59. Click the Add Stage link button.
60. Verify Stage 3 appears.
61. Select 'a','h', 'o' under Previous and New Letters heading.
62. Click the OK button.
63. Verify Stage 1 of 3 appears under the DR Tool menu.
64. Click Page 2.
65. Click the Next '>' button near the Stage.
66. Verify 'Stage 2 of 3' appears.
67. Verify that the 'letters in this stage' shows some ' b c i l p r' which appears on the page.
68. Click Page 3.
69. Click the Next '>' button near the Stage.
70. Verify 'Stage 3 of 3' appears.
71. Verify that the 'letters in this stage' shows some ' a b c h i l o p r' which appears on the page.
72. Verify more spanish words are added under 'Sample words in this stage' heading.
73. Click the 'Setup Stages' link button.
74. Verify the 'Set up Decodable Reader Tool' dialog opens.
75. Click the Sample Words tab.
76. Enter 'gram' under Type Words Here text pane.
77. Click the OK button.
78. Click Page 1.
79. Enter 'gram' in the text pane.
80. Verify the gram gets highlighted.
81. Click the 'Generate a letter and word list report' link button.
82. Verify the 'Decodable Books Letters and Words' notepad opens.
83. Verify the added letters and new sight words appear in the report.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Decodable Reader book.
2. Delete the Spanish Words text files.
3. Close Bloom application.
