---
id: 286
title: "ePUB with Fixed mode"
description: "(247) ePUB with Fixed mode"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-08-28
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Type 'https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9mtzsjs9jsvw?hl=en-US&gl=US' in a browser search bar.
2. Verify eKitabu e-reader page opens.
3. Click the Download button.
4. Verify eKitabu Installer file is downloaded in the system.
5. Double click on the 'eKitabu e-reader Installer' file.
6. Verify 'eKitabu e-reader..The latest version is installed' dialog box appears.
7. Launch Bloom application
8. Right click on the Bloom Standard toolbar.
9. Verify an option menu appears.
10. Click the ‘Start Measuring Performance’ option.
11. Verify ‘Bloom Performance Measurement’ page opens in a browser window.
12. Click the Minimize button of the browser window.
13. Verify the browser window minimizes.
14. Click the Settings button.
15. Verify Settings dialog opens.
16. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
17. Type 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription Code text box.
18. Click the Restart button.
19. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Enter https://bloomlibrary.org/chetana/book/1BMJGyHsm2?lang=en in the browser window.
2. Press the Enter key.
3. Verify the book (eg., Bo, Messy and Shampoo) opens in the web page.
4. Click the 'Translate into your language - Download into Bloom Editor' button.
5. Verify 'Here, it comes up' dialog appears.
6. Verify Downloading book message appears for a few seconds.
7. Verify Download complete dialog appears.
8. Click the OK button.
9. Verify the Bloom application opens with a downloaded book.
10. Verify the downloaded book appears on the right preview pane.
11. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
12. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
13. Click the Publish tab.
14. Click the ePUB button.
15. Verify Publish as ePUB view opens.
16. Verify the ePUB mode is set to 'Fixed -ePUB3'
17. Click the Save button.
18. Verify Creating ePUB dialog appears.
19. Verify Save As dialog opens.
20. Click the Save button.
21. Verify the book (eg., Bo, Messy and Shampoo) saved in the documents folder.
22. Click the Close button.
23. Verify Creating ePUB dialog closes.
24. Press Ctrl+E keys.
25. Verify File Explorer dialog opens.
26. Click the Documents option from the left pane.
27. Verify the Documents folder opens.
28. Double click on the book (eg., Bo, Messy and Shampoo)
29. Verify the book opens in the eKitabu Reader.
30. Verify the book appears in landscape mode.
31. Click the Next button.
32. Verify Page 1 appears in the application.
33. Click the Close button.
34. Verify eKitabu application closes.
35. Click the Collections tab in the Bloom application.
36. Click eBook template under Sources For New Books.(which appears on the lower left pane)
37. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
38. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
39. Enter 'Test ePUB book' in the Front cover book title.
40. Click the Credits Page thumbnail.
41. Verify the Credits Page appears on the edit view.
42. Click the 'Needs Copyright' button.
43. Verify the Copyright and License' dialog appears.
44. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder name.
45. Click the Add page button.
46. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
47. Click the 'Just Picture' template under Basic Pages.
48. Click the Add Page button.
49. Verify 'Just Picture' page is added.
50. Click the 3 line button which appears at the top right corner of the Edit window.
51. Click the 'More...' button which appears at the bottom left corner of the Edit window.
52. Click the 'Overlay'tool checkbox.
53. Verify the Overlay Tool menu opens.
54. Drag and drop Image overlay on the picture page.
55. Verify the Image overlay appears on the picture page.
56. Click on the Image overlay.
57. Verify there are some buttons that appear under the Image overlay box.
58. Click the 3 dots button.
59. Verify a popup menu appears.
60. Click 'Choose image from your computer..' option.
61. Verify Image Toolbox opens.
62. Type 'Car' in the Search box.
63. Press the Enter key.
64. Click any of the Car images.
65. Verify the car image gets selected.
66. Click the OK button.
67. Verify the Car Image appears on the Image overlay.
68. Click on the Image overlay.
69. Verify there are some buttons that appear under the Image overlay box.
70. Click the Duplicate button.
71. Verify a duplicate of the Car image appears on the Picture page.
72. Click the ePUB button.
73. Verify Publish as ePUB view opens.
74. Click the Save button.
75. Verify Creating ePUB dialog appears.
76. Verify Save As dialog opens.
77. Click the Save button.
78. Verify the book (eg., Test ePUB Book) saved in the documents folder.
79. Click the Close button.
80. Verify Creating ePUB dialog closes.
81. Press Ctrl+E keys.
82. Verify File Explorer dialog opens.
83. Click the Documents option from the left pane.
84. Verify the Documents folder opens.
85. Double click on the book (eg., Test ePUB Book)
86. Verify the book opens in the eKitabu Reader.
87. Verify the book appears in landscape mode.
88. Click the Next button.
89. Verify the two car images appear on Page 1.
90. Click the Close button.
91. Verify eKitabu application closes.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Test ePUB Book.
3. Uninstall eKitabu application from the computer.
4. Close the Browser Window.
5. Close Bloom application.
