---
id: 287
title: "Run \"Ace by DAISY Automated Checks\""
description: "(248,249) Run \"Ace by DAISY Automated Checks\""
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-16
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click on the "Basic Book" Template from the Sources For New Book pane.
2. Verify that the "Basic Book" preview appears on the Right side pane.
3. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify that the “Basic Book” opens in the Edit tab
5. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left corner of the page
6. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed.
7. Select the 'Basic text & picture' Template under the “Basic Pages” option.
8. Click the “ADD PAGE” button.
9. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is closed.
10. Verify 'Basic text & picture' layout is displayed on the right side
11. Click the Publish tab
12. Click the ePUB button from the left pane
13. Verify that "Publish as ePUB" page opens in the right pane
14. Click on the "Accessibility Checker" link button from the Publish as ePUB page
15. Verify that the "Bloom Accessibility Checker" dialog is opened
16. Click the 'Ace by DAISY Automated Checks' tab
17. Verify that the message 'Finding Ace by DAISY on this computer..' is displayed
18. Verify that the message “INFO: Could not find files for the given pattern(s)." is displayed if Ace by DAISY is not installed
19. Verify the message”Please follow these instructions to install the Ace by DAISY system on this computer” with the help link button available in the “Bloom Accessibility checker” dialog.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the “Basic Book”
2. Close Bloom application.
