---
id: 288
title: "Publish books in Flowable mode (ePUB)"
description: "(246) Publish books in Flowable mode (ePUB)"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-15
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Type 'https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9mtzsjs9jsvw?hl=en-US&gl=US' in a browser search bar.
2. Verify eKitabu e-reader page opens.
3. Click the Download button.
4. Verify eKitabu Installer file is downloaded in the system.
5. Double click on the 'eKitabu e-reader Installer' file.
6. Verify 'eKitabu e-reader..The latest version is installed' dialog box appears.
7. Launch Bloom application
8. Click the Settings button.
9. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
10. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
11. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
12. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
13. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
14. Click the Restart button.
15. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Enter 'The Golden Touch' in the Front Cover title box.
6. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
7. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
8. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
9. Press the Enter key.
10. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
11. Click any of the Car images.
12. Click the OK button.
13. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
14. Click the Hamburger button.
15. Verify the TBT menu appears.
16. Click the More..option which appears at the bottom of the TBT menu.
17. Verify More.. menu appears.
18. Select 'Image Description Tool' checkbox.
19. Verify the ID dialog appears on the page.
20. Click on the right column of the ID dialog.
21. Enter 'This is a Car image'.
22. Click the TBT option  which appears at the bottom of the Image Description Tool menu.
23. Verify the TBT menu opens.
24. Click on the entered text on the ID dialog.
25. Verify the text is highlighted.
26. Press and Hold the Speak button.
27. Record 'This is a Car image'.
28. Release the Speak button.
29. Verify the Check button is enabled.
30. Click the Credits Page thumbnail.
31. Verify the Credits page opens.
32. Click the 'Needs Copyright' button.
33. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
34. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
35. Click the OK button.
36. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
37. Click the Add page button.
38. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
39. Select 'Basic Text & Picture' template.
40. Click the Add page button.
41. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
42. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
43. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
44. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
45. Press the Enter key.
46. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
47. Click any of the Car images.
48. Click the OK button.
49. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
50. Click on the text pane.
51. Enter ‘This is a text page’ in the text pane.
52. Verify the text gets highlighted.
53. Click on the picture pane.
54. Click on the Image Description Tool option (from the right most pane)
55. Verify the ID dialog appears on the picture pane.
56. Click on the right (text) pane of the ID dialog.
57. Enter 'This is a car image one' in the text pane.
58. Click the TBT option from the right most pane.
59. Click on the ID dialog text pane.
60. Verify the text is highlighted.
61. Press and Hold the Speak button.
62. Record 'This is a Car image one'.
63. Release the Speak button.
64. Verify the Check button is enabled.
65. Click on the text pane below the ID dialog.
66. Verify the text gets highlighted.
67. Press and Hold the Speak button.
68. Record 'This is a text page'.
69. Release the Speak button.
70. Press the Enter key.
71. Enter 'This is another text' in the text pane.
72. Click the Next button from the TBT menu.
73. Press and Hold the Speak button.
74. Record 'This is another text'.
75. Release the Speak button.
76. Click the Publish tab.
77. Click the ePUB  button.
78. Verify Publish as ePUB view opens.
79. Click ePUB mode dropdown list.
80. Verify the dropdown list opens.
81. Select ‘Flowable’ mode.
82. Verify 'Include image descriptions on page' checkbox is enabled.
83. Click the Save button.
84. Verify Creating ePUB dialog flashes on the screen.
85. Verify Save As dialog opens.
86. Click the Save button.
87. Verify the ePUB file saves in the documents folder.
88. Double click on the The Golden Touch .ePUB file.
89. Verify the The Golden Touch.ePUB file opens in the eKitabu Reader.
90. Click the 'ActivateReadaloud' speaker button.
91. Verify the audio can be heard for the Image Description.
92. Verify the Image descriptions written under the images are shown on the page.
93. Verify the text of the image description plays correctly.
94. Close the eKitabu Reader.
95. Click ePUB mode dropdown list.
96. Verify the dropdown list opens.
97. Select ‘Flowable’ mode.
98. Verify 'Include image descriptions on page' checkbox is enabled.
99. De-Select the check box.
100. Click the Save button.
101. Verify the ePUB file saves in the documents folder.
102. Double click on the The Golden Touch .ePUB file.
103. Verify the The Golden Touch.ePUB file opens in the eKitabu Reader.
104. Click the 'ActivateReadaloud' speaker button.
105. Verify the audio can be heard for the Image description.
106. Verify the Image description written under the images are not showing on the page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Uninstall eKitabu Reader.
2. Delete Subscription code.
3. Delete ‘The Golden Touch’ book.
4. Close Bloom application.
