---
id: 289
title: "Warnings from Ace by DAISY Automated Checker"
description: "(250) Warnings from Ace by DAISY Automated Checker"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click an eBook under Templates.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears on the preview pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
5. Click the Add page button.
6. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
7. Select 'Basic Text & Picture' template.
8. Click the Add page button.
9. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
10. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
11. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
12. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
13. Press the Enter key.
14. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
15. Click any of the Car images.
16. Click the OK button.
17. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
18. Click on the text box.
19. Enter ‘This is for testing purpose’ in the text box.
20. Click the Hamburger button.
21. Verify the TBT menu opens.
22. Verify the text gets highlighted.
23. Press and Hold the Speak button.
24. Record ‘This is for testing purpose’
25. Release the Speak button.
26. Verify the Check button is enabled.
27. Click the Check button.
28. Verify the Audio plays.
29. Click on the Image pane.
30. Click the More..option from the right most pane.
31. Verify More..option menu opens.
32. Select 'Image Description Tool' checkbox.
33. Verify the Image Description appears on the image.
34. Click on the ID text box.
35. Enter 'This is a car image'
36. Click the TBT option.
37. Verify the TBT menu opens.
38. Click on the text.
39. Verify the text is highlighted.
40. Press and Hold the Speak button.
41. Record ‘This is a car image’
42. Release the Speak button.
43. Verify the Check button is enabled.
44. Click the Check button.
45. Verify the Audio plays.
46. Click the Publish tab.
47. Click the ePUB button.
48. Verify Publish as ePUB view opens.
49. Click the Preview button.
50. Verify the preview appears on the preview pane.
51. Click the Accessibility Checker button.
52. Verify Bloom Accessibility Checker dialog opens.
53. Verify 'Missing image description on page Front cover' message appear in Accessibility Checklist tab.
54. Click Ace by DAISY Automated Checks tab.
55. Verify the EPUB Accessibility Report is generated and shows WCAG 2.0 Summary of violations.
56. Verify 'these instructions' link button appears.
57. Click the 'these instructions' link button.
58. Verify the corresponding instructions page opens.
59. Click the Close button.
60. Change the ePUB mode to 'Flowable'
61. Select 'Include image description on page' check box.
62. Click the Preview button.
63. Click the Accessibility Checker button.
64. Verify Bloom Accessibility Checker dialog opens.
65. Verify 'Missing image description on page Front cover' message appear in Accessibility Checklist tab.
66. Click Ace by DAISY Automated Checks tab.
67. Verify the EPUB Accessibility Report is generated and shows WCAG 2.0 Summary of violations.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the eBook.
3. Close Bloom application.
