---
id: 29
title: "Publishing a Bloom Reader"
description: "Test case for Publishing a Bloom Reader"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-09
last-modified: 2025-07-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Connect Android Mobile device to the computer system via USB Cable.
2. Enable ‘File transfer / Android Auto’ option in the Android mobile.
3. Tap the ‘Play Store’ application in the Android Mobile.
4. Verify the Play Store application opens.
5. Type ‘Bloom Reader’ in the Search bar.
6. Verify the ‘Bloom Reader application appears in the application list.
7. Click the “Install’ button.
8. Click the ‘Open’ button.
9. Verify the Bloom Reader application opens in the Mobile device.
10. Launch Bloom application in the computer system.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the 'Settings' button.
2. Verify the Settings dialog box opens.
3. Click the 'Bloom Subscription' tab.
4. Verify the 'Subscription Code' text box appears.
5. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription Code text box.
6. Verify there is a green tick mark appearing near the subscription code.
7. Click the 'Restart' button.
8. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
9. Click an eBook book.
10. Click the ‘MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE’ button.
11. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
12. Click the Add page button.
13. Verify the Add pad dialog opens.
14. Click 'Drag Images to Targets' page under Games Pages heading.
15. Click the Add page button.
16. Verify Drag Images to Targets' page is added.
17. Click the Collections tab.
18. Click the 'Settings' button.
19. Verify the Settings dialog box opens.
20. Click the 'Bloom Subscription' tab.
21. Verify the 'Subscription Code' text box appears.
22. Select the Subscription code from the text box.
23. Press the Delete key to delete the Subscription Code.
24. Click the Restart button.
25. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
26. Click the 'EDIT THIS BOOK' button which appears in the right pane.
27. Verify that there is a message "This feature requires a Bloom subscription tier of at least "Pro"." appear with 'Bloom Enterprise Settings' button.
28. Click the Publish tab.
29. Click the ePUB button.
30. Verify that there is a message "This feature requires a Bloom subscription tier of at least "Pro"." appear with the 'Bloom Enterprise Settings' button.
31. Click the BloomPUB button.
32. Click the Preview button.
33. Verify a Warning message 'Removing one or more pages which requires a higher subscription tier 1 Drag Images to Targets' appears on the 'Creating Digital Book' dialog.
34. Click the Close button.
35. Verify 'Creating Digital Book' dialog closes.
36. Click the 'Save BloomPUB File' option.
37. Verify 'Save As' dialog opens.
38. Verify the "Book X" name appears on the File name box.
39. Click the Save button.
40. Verify a Warning message 'Removing one or more pages which requires a higher subscription tier 1 Drag Images to Targets' appears on the 'Publishing' dialog.
41. Click the Close button.
42. Click the 'Share over Wi-Fi' option.
43. Click the SHARE button.
44. Verify a message 'Advertising book to Bloom Readers on local network.." appears on the Publishing dialog.
45. Click the "STOP PUBLISHING" button.
46. Verify the ‘Publishing’ dialog box appears with the Close button.
47. Click the Close button.
48. Verify the 'Publishing' dialog closes.
49. Click the 'Send over USB Cable' option.
50. Click Bloom Reader application in the Mobile device.
51. Verify the Bloom Reader application opens.
52. Click the three line button which appears at the top left corner of the home page.
53. Verify a popup menu opens.
54. Click the 'Receive Books via USB' option.
55. Verify 'Receive Books via USB' dialog opens with the OK button.
56. Click the OK button.
57. Click the ‘Connect with USB Cable’ button from Bloom Desktop. (ie., from the computer)
58. Verify a Warning message 'Removing one or more pages which requires a higher subscription tier 1 Drag Images to Targets' appears on the 'Publishing' dialog.
59. Click the Close button.
60. Verify the eBook is added into Bloom Reader Library in the Android Mobile device.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the eBook from the computer system.
2. Delete the eBook from Bloom Reader (in an Android Mobile device)
3. Close Bloom application.
4. Close Bloom Reader application.
