---
id: 290
title: "Image Description sometimes excluded from Playback order buttons"
description: "(252) Image Description sometimes excluded from Playback order buttons"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click  an eBook under Templates.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears on the preview pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
5. Click the Add page button.
6. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
7. Select 'Basic Text & Picture' template.
8. Click the Add page button.
9. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
10. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
11. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
12. Enter ‘Car’ in the Search box.
13. Verify the Car images appear on the preview pane.
14. Select any one of the car images.
15. Click the OK button.
16. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
17. Click on the text pane.
18. Enter ‘This is a Car’ in the text box.
19. Click the Hamburger button.
20. Verify TBT menu opens.
21. Verify text is highlighted.
22. Press and Hold the Speak button.
23. Record ‘This is a Car’
24. Release the Speak button.
25. Verify the Check button is enabled.
26. Click the Check button.
27. Verify the Audio plays.
28. Click on the Image pane.
29. Click the More..option from the right most pane.
30. Verify More..option menu opens.
31. Select 'Image Description Tool' checkbox.
32. Verify the Image Description appears on the image.
33. Click on the ID text box.
34. Enter 'This is a car image'
35. Click the TBT option.
36. Verify the TBT menu opens.
37. Click on the text.
38. Verify the text is highlighted.
39. Press and Hold the Speak button.
40. Record ‘This is a car image’
41. Release the Speak button.
42. Verify the Check button is enabled.
43. Click the Check button.
44. Verify the Audio plays.
45. Click the Advanced button.
46. Verify 'Show image description' is already enabled.
47. Turn on 'Show playback order buttons'
48. Verify the Image order number appears on the page.
49. Click the + button near image order number 1. (text in the ID image)
50. Verify image order number changed to 2. to the text in the ID image.
51. Verify the image order number changed to 1 for the text in the text box.
52. Click the Publish tab.
53. Click the ePUB button.
54. Click the Preview button.
55. Click the Play button which appears at the top left corner of the preview pane.
56. Verify the audio for the text box plays first.
57. Verify the audio for the ID plays next.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the eBook.
3. Close Bloom application.
