---
id: 291
title: "Comic bubbles can impede using the Image Description tool"
description: "(254) Comic bubbles can impede using the Image Description tool"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-16
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click on the "Digital Comic Book" Template from the Sources For New Book pane.
2. Verify that the "Digital Comic Book" preview appears on the Right side pane.
3. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify the book opens in edit mode.
5. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left of the page.
6. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed.
7. Select the “Picture & Word” page under the “Basic Pages” option.
8. Click the “ADD PAGE” button.
9. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is closed.
10. Verify that the new page is displayed.
11. Click the Hamburger menu from the top right corner.
12. Verify that the “Talking Book Tool” menu is displayed.
13. Click the “more” button on the right pane.
14. Click the “Overlay Tools” checkbox.
15. Verify the Overlay Tools menu option displays.
16. Click the Speech bubble.
17. Drag and drop the speech bubble to the picture pane.
18. Click on page 1.
19. Hover the cursor over the picture icon.
20. Verify that the "Change image" icon is displayed.
21. Select the "Change image" in page 1.
22. Verify that the "Image Toolbox" dialog box is displayed.
23. Type "rose" under the "Image Galleries" field.
24. Click the Search button.
25. Verify that the pictures related to roses were displayed.
26. Select any one rose picture.
27. Click the "OK" button.
28. Verify that the "Image Toolbox" dialog box is closed.
29. Verify that the selected rose picture is displayed on the first half of page 1.
30. Click the “More” button on the right pane.
31. Select the “Image Description Tool” checkbox.
32. Verify the Image Description text box appears in the picture area.
33. Click on the Image Description text box.
34. Type “This is for testing” in the Image Description text box.
35. Click on the Text area from Page 1.
36. Type "Test Book Tool".
37. Click the “Talking Book Tool” option in the right pane.
38. Click on the text “This is for testing” in the Image Description text box.
39. Verify that the text is highlighted.
40. Click and hold the “Speak” button in the right pane.
41. Record "This is for testing".
42. Release the Speak button.
43. Verify the “Check” button becomes enabled.
44. Click on the “Check” button.
45. Verify it plays back what you just recorded.
46. Click the “Next” button.
47. Verify that the text "Test Book Tool" is highlighted in the text area.
48. Click and hold the “Speak” button in the right pane.
49. Record "Test Book Tool".
50. Release the Speak button.
51. Verify the “Check” button becomes enabled.
52. Click on the “Check” button.
53. Verify it plays back what you just recorded.
54. Click the “Back” button.
55. Verify that the text "This is for testing" is highlighted in the Image Description text box.
56. Click on the “Check” button.
57. Verify that recorder audio “This is for testing” is played.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the “Digital Comic Book”.
2. Delete the Bloom Subscription code
3. Close Bloom application.
