---
id: 293
title: "Try importing images from \\Bloom Team\\Testing\\Materials for Bloom Editor Testing\\Bad Images"
description: "(280) Try importing images from \\Bloom Team\\Testing\\Materials for Bloom Editor Testing\\Bad Images"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download all the Bad images from the given link : https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1A_GxrlXr7ZfntfDdNtUWlBye17E2QJ7M (Needs Developer’s approval) into Downloads folder.
2. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click  the Basic Book under Templates.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears on the preview pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
5. Click the Add page button.
6. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
7. Select 'Just a Picture' template.
8. Click the Add page button.
9. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
10. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
11. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
12. Click the File button.
13. Verify Choose Picture File dialog box opens.
14. Click the Downloads folder.
15. Verify the Downloads folder opens.
16. Select 'Corrupt early bytes.png' file.
17. Verify Bloom had a problem dialog appears.
18. Verify PNG Header was expected message appears.
19. Click the Close button.
20. Verify the dialog closes.
21. Click the File button.
22. Verify Choose Picture File dialog box opens.
23. Click the Downloads folder.
24. Verify the Downloads folder opens.
25. Select 'Corrupt early bytes.tif' file.
26. Verify Bloom had a problem dialog appears.
27. Verify Unknown Byte order message appears.
28. Click the Close button.
29. Verify the dialog closes.
30. Click the File button.
31. Verify Choose Picture File dialog box opens.
32. Click the Downloads folder.
33. Verify the Downloads folder opens.
34. Select 'Corrupt leading bytes.jpg' file.
35. Verify Bloom had a problem dialog appears.
36. Verify "Expected soi marker at the start of the file"  message appears.
37. Click the Close button.
38. Verify the dialog closes.
39. Click the File button.
40. Verify Choose Picture File dialog box opens.
41. Click the Downloads folder.
42. Verify the Downloads folder opens.
43. Select 'Really a zip.jpg ' file.
44. Verify Bloom had a problem dialog appears.
45. Verify "Expected SOI marker at the start of the file "  message appears.
46. Click the Close button.
47. Verify the dialog closes.
48. Click the File button.
49. Verify Choose Picture File dialog box opens.
50. Click the Downloads folder.
51. Verify the Downloads folder opens.
52. Select 'Really JPG.png  ' file.
53. Verify Bloom had a problem dialog appears.
54. Verify "successfully imported"  message appears.
55. Click the Close button.
56. Verify the dialog closes.
57. Click the File button.
58. Verify Choose Picture File dialog box opens.
59. Click the Downloads folder.
60. Verify the Downloads folder opens.
61. Select 'Really JPG.tif   ' file.
62. Verify Bloom had a problem dialog appears.
63. Verify "successfully imported"  message appears.
64. Click the Close button.
65. Verify the dialog closes.
66. Click the File button.
67. Verify Choose Picture File dialog box opens.
68. Click the Downloads folder.
69. Verify the Downloads folder opens.
70. Select 'Really just text.jpg' file.
71. Verify Bloom had a problem dialog appears.
72. Verify "Expected SOI marker at the start of the file  message appears.
73. Click the Close button.
74. Verify the dialog closes.
75. Click the File button.
76. Verify Choose Picture File dialog box opens.
77. Click the Downloads folder.
78. Verify the Downloads folder opens.
79. Select 'Really PNG.jpg ' file.
80. Verify Bloom had a problem dialog appears.
81. Verify "successfully imported"   message appears.
82. Click the Close button.
83. Verify the dialog closes.
84. Click the File button.
85. Verify Choose Picture File dialog box opens.
86. Click the Downloads folder.
87. Verify the Downloads folder opens.
88. Select 'Really PNG.tif  ' file.
89. Verify Bloom had a problem dialog appears.
90. Verify "successfully imported"   message appears.
91. Click the Close button.
92. Verify the dialog closes.
93. Click the File button.
94. Verify Choose Picture File dialog box opens.
95. Click the Downloads folder.
96. Verify the Downloads folder opens.
97. Select 'Really SVG .png ' file.
98. Verify Bloom had a problem dialog appears.
99. Verify "PNG Header was expected "   message appears.
100. Click the Close button.
101. Verify the dialog closes.
102. Click the File button.
103. Verify Choose Picture File dialog box opens.
104. Click the Downloads folder.
105. Verify the Downloads folder opens.
106. Select 'Really SVG.jpg ' file.
107. Verify Bloom had a problem dialog appears.
108. Verify "Expected SOI marker at the start of the file "   message appears.
109. Click the Close button.
110. Verify the dialog closes.
111. Click the File button.
112. Verify Choose Picture File dialog box opens.
113. Click the Downloads folder.
114. Verify the Downloads folder opens.
115. Select 'Really SVG.tif  ' file.
116. Verify Bloom had a problem dialog appears.
117. Verify "Unknown Byte order  "   message appears.
118. Click the Close button.
119. Verify the dialog closes.
120. Click the File button.
121. Verify Choose Picture File dialog box opens.
122. Click the Downloads folder.
123. Verify the Downloads folder opens.
124. Select 'really TIF.jpg   ' file.
125. Verify Bloom had a problem dialog appears.
126. Verify "successfully imported   "   message appears.
127. Click the Close button.
128. Verify the dialog closes.
129. Click the File button.
130. Verify Choose Picture File dialog box opens.
131. Click the Downloads folder.
132. Verify the Downloads folder opens.
133. Select 'really TIF.png    ' file.
134. Verify Bloom had a problem dialog appears.
135. Verify "successfully imported   "   message appears.
136. Click the Close button.
137. Verify the dialog closes.
138. Click the File button.
139. Verify Choose Picture File dialog box opens.
140. Click the Downloads folder.
141. Verify the Downloads folder opens.
142. Select 'Truncated.jpg   ' file.
143. Verify Bloom had a problem dialog appears.
144. Verify "successfully imported   "   message appears.
145. Click the Close button.
146. Verify the dialog closes.
147. Click the File button.
148. Verify Choose Picture File dialog box opens.
149. Click the Downloads folder.
150. Verify the Downloads folder opens.
151. Select 'Truncated.png    ' file.
152. Verify Bloom had a problem dialog appears.
153. Verify "Chunk Data of Length 65445 expected"   message appears.
154. Click the Close button.
155. Verify the dialog closes.
156. Click the File button.
157. Verify Choose Picture File dialog box opens.
158. Click the Downloads folder.
159. Verify the Downloads folder opens.
160. Select 'Truncated.tif    ' file.
161. Verify Bloom had a problem dialog appears.
162. Verify "File could not be read and is possibly corrupted "   message appears.
163. Click the Close button.
164. Verify the dialog closes.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete all the Bad images from the Downloads folder.
2. Delete the Basic book.
3. Close Bloom application
