---
id: 294
title: "Cropping PNG images working fine"
description: "(281)Cropping PNG images working fine"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-16
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the "Basic Book".
2. Verify that the book preview is displayed in the right pane.
3. Click the “MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE” button.
4. Verify that “Basic Book” opens in edit mode.
5. Click the "Front cover" page.
6. Type "Sample Book" in the "BOOK title in English" field.
7. Hover the mouse over the picture icon in the "Front cover" page.
8. Verify that the "Change image" button is displayed.
9. Click the "Change image' button in the picture pane.
10. Verify the "Image Toolbox" dialog box opens.
11. Click the File button.
12. Verify "Choose Picture Files" dialog box opens.
13. Click the valid ".png" image from the "Choose Picture Files" dialog box.
14. Click the Open Key.
15. Verify that the selected image appears on the "Image Toolbox" dialog box.
16. Click the “Crop” button on the "Image Toolbox" dialog box.
17. Crop the image into half using the adjusters
18. Click the “OK” button
19. Verify that the "Image Toolbox" dialog box is closed.
20. Verify that the cropped image is added in the “Front Cover” page.
21. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left of the page.
22. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed.
23. Select the “Picture & Word” page under the “Basic Pages” option.
24. Click the “ADD PAGE” button.
25. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is closed.
26. Verify that the new page is displayed.
27. Hover the mouse over the picture icon in the "Front cover" page.
28. Verify that the "Change image" button is displayed.
29. Click the "Change image' button in the picture pane.
30. Verify the "Image Toolbox" dialog box opens.
31. Click the File button.
32. Verify "Choose Picture Files" dialog box opens.
33. Click the valid ".JPG" image from the "Choose Picture Files" dialog box.
34. Click the Open Key.
35. Verify that the selected image appears on the "Image Toolbox" dialog box.
36. Click the “Crop” button on the "Image Toolbox" dialog box.
37. Crop the image into half using the adjusters
38. Click the “OK” button
39. Verify that the "Image Toolbox" dialog box is closed.
40. Verify that the cropped image is added in page 1.
41. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left of the page.
42. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed.
43. Select the “Picture & Word” page under the “Basic Pages” option.
44. Click the “ADD PAGE” button.
45. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is closed.
46. Verify that the new page is displayed.
47. Hover the mouse over the picture icon in the "Front cover" page.
48. Verify that the "Change image" button is displayed.
49. Click the "Change image' button in the picture pane.
50. Verify the "Image Toolbox" dialog box opens.
51. Click the File button.
52. Verify "Choose Picture Files" dialog box opens.
53. Click the valid ".JPEG" image from the "Choose Picture Files" dialog box.
54. Click the Open Key.
55. Verify that the selected image appears on the "Image Toolbox" dialog box.
56. Click the “Crop” button on the "Image Toolbox" dialog box.
57. Crop the image into half using the adjusters
58. Click the “OK” button
59. Verify that the "Image Toolbox" dialog box is closed.
60. Verify that the cropped image is added in page 2.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Sample book.
2. Close Bloom application.
