---
id: 295
title: "Copy, cut, paste pictures with Bloom"
description: "(282)copy, cut, paste pictures with Bloom"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-15
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Create a new blank Word document.
2. Insert images in PNG or JPEG format.
3. Save the document as "test.docx".
4. Close and reopen the previously saved Word document to confirm it was saved properly.
5. Launch the Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click on the "Basic Book" Template from the Sources For New Book pane.
2. Verify that the "Basic Book" preview appears on the Right side pane.
3. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify that the “Basic Book” Edit Pane appears.
5. Click the Add Page button.
6. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
7. Click the Basic text & picture template.
8. Click the Add Page button.
9. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is closed.
10. Verify that the new “Custom” page is displayed.
11. Hover the mouse over the picture icon on page 1.
12. Verify that the "Change image" button is displayed.
13. Click the "Change image' button in the picture pane.
14. Verify the "Image Toolbox" dialog box opens.
15. Click the File button.
16. Verify "Choose Picture Files" dialog box opens.
17. Click the valid ".png" image from the "Choose Picture Files" dialog box.
18. Click the Open Key.
19. Verify that the selected image appears on the "Image Toolbox" dialog box.
20. Click the OK button.
21. Verify that the selected picture appears on page 1.
22. Click the Add Page button.
23. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
24. Click the Basic text & picture template.
25. Click the Add Page button.
26. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is closed.
27. Verify that the new “Custom” page is displayed.
28. Select Page 1.
29. right click on the inserted image.
30. Click the “Copy image” from the submenu.
31. Select Page 2.
32. right click on the pictures area.
33. Click the “Paste  image” from the submenu.
34. Verify that the copied image is pasted in page 2.
35. Open the test.docx document.
36. Cut the image from the document.
37. In the Bloom application, select Page 1 in the left-side Pages pane.
38. right click on the image.
39. Click the “Paste  image” from the submenu.
40. Verify that the image cut from the word document is pasted in page 1.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic Book.
2. Close Bloom application.
