---
id: 296
title: "OutOfMemoryException while cropping image"
description: "(283) OutOfMemoryException while cropping image"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-18
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download the attached “Crop Error.png” image from the link “https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/youtrack/issue/BL-9925”
2. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click on the "Basic Book" Template from the Sources For New Book pane.
2. Verify that the "Basic Book" preview appears on the Right side pane.
3. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify that the “Basic Book” opens in the Edit tab
5. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left corner of the page
6. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed.
7. Select the "Basic text & picture" Template under the “Basic Pages” option.
8. Click the “ADD PAGE” button.
9. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is closed.
10. Verify "Basic text & picture" layout is displayed on the right side
11. Hover the mouse over the picture icon in the "Front cover" page.
12. Verify that the "Change image" button is displayed.
13. Click the "Change image' button in the picture pane.
14. Verify the "Image Toolbox" dialog box opens.
15. Click the File button.
16. Verify "Choose Picture Files" dialog box opens.
17. Select 'Motor.png' from the picture folder
18. Click the Open Key.
19. Verify that the selected image appears on the "Image Toolbox" dialog box.
20. Click on the OK button
21. Verify that the "Image Toolbox" dialog box is closed
22. Verify the selected image appears on the "Basic text & picture" page
23. Click on the added image
24. Verify that crop handle appears on all four sides of the image
25. Click on the Top Crop handle
26. Drag the crop handle downward
27. Verify that the picture is cropped correctly from the top without any errors in the Bloom application.
28. Click on the Bottom Crop handle
29. Drag the crop handle upward
30. Verify that the picture is cropped correctly from the bottom without any errors in the Bloom application.
31. Click on the Left Crop handle.
32. Drag the crop handle toward the right.
33. Verify that the picture is cropped correctly from the left without any errors in the Bloom application.
34. Click on the Right Crop handle.
35. Drag the crop handle toward the left.
36. Verify that the picture is cropped correctly from the right without any errors in the Bloom application.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the downloaded “Crop Error.png” image.
2. Delete the “Basic Book”
3. Close Bloom application.
