---
id: 297
title: "Error if you don't actually choose an image"
description: "(284) Error if you don't actually choose an image"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-18
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click on the "Basic Book" Template from the Sources For New Book pane.
2. Verify that the "Basic Book" preview appears on the Right side pane.
3. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify that the “Basic Book” opens in the Edit tab
5. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left corner of the page
6. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed.
7. Select the "Basic text & picture" Template under the “Basic Pages” option.
8. Click the “ADD PAGE” button.
9. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is closed.
10. Verify "Basic text & picture" layout is displayed on the right side
11. Hover the mouse over the picture icon in the "Front cover" page.
12. Verify that the "Change image" button is displayed.
13. Click the "Change image' button in the picture pane.
14. Verify the "Image Toolbox" dialog box opens.
15. Click on the search input under "Image Galleries"
16. Type "Car" on the search input
17. Click on the "Search" button
18. Verify that the search results are listed below the search input
19. Click the Close button(X) in the "Image toolbox" dialog
20. Verify the image toolbox dialog closes without issues
21. Hover the mouse over the picture icon in the "Front cover" page.
22. Verify that the "Change image" button is displayed.
23. Click the "Change image' button in the picture pane.
24. Verify the "Image Toolbox" dialog box opens.
25. Click on the search input under "Image Galleries"
26. Type "Car" on the search input
27. Click on the "Search" button
28. Verify that the search results are listed below the search input
29. Click the "Cancel" button in the "Image toolbox" dialog
30. Verify the image toolbox dialog closes without issues

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the “Basic Book”
2. Close Bloom application.
