---
id: 298
title: "Copyright propagation"
description: "(286) Copyright propagation"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-11
last-modified: 2025-09-18
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download some internet images like car.jpg and flower.jpg in a folder.
2. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click on the "Basic Book" Templates from the Sources For New Books.
2. Verify the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button appears on the Right side pane.
3. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify the Basic Book opens in the Edit Mode.
5. Click on the Front Cover page from the Left pane.
6. Verify the Front Cover page displays to Edit.
7. Click on the Title Box from the Front Cover page
8. Type Title as Test.
9. Click on the "Add Page +" button.
10. Verify the "Add Page..." dialog appears.
11. Verify that the "Number of pages to add" input displays 1 by default.
12. Edit the "Number of pages to add" input from 1 to 4.
13. Verify that the "Number of pages to add" input displays 4.
14. Select the Basic Text & Picture Template.
15. Click on the ADD PAGE button.
16. Verify the Pages 1, 2, 3 and 4 added in the left side.
17. Click on the Page "1".
18. Verify Page 1 layout appears on the right side.
19. Click the Change Image button.
20. Verify the image toolbox appears.
21. Click the File button.
22. Verify the Choose a picture dialog appears.
23. Click the car.jpg picture from the folder.
24. Click the open button.
25. Verify the car.jpg appears on the image toolbox pane.
26. Click the OK button.
27. Verify the picture is added into the Page "1".
28. Verify the "(?)c" button appears.
29. Mouse over the "(?)c" button.
30. Verify the following tool tip appears: "Image is missing information on Credits, Copyright, or License".
31. Click on the Page "2".
32. Verify Page 2 layout appears on the right side.
33. Click the Change Image button.
34. Verify the image toolbox appears.
35. Click the File button.
36. Verify the Choose a picture dialog appears.
37. Click the car.jpg picture from the folder.
38. Click the open button.
39. Verify the car.jpg appears on the image toolbox pane.
40. Click the OK button.
41. Verify the picture is added into the Page "2".
42. Verify the "(?)c" button appears.
43. Mouse over the "(?)c" button.
44. Verify the following tool tip appears: "Image is missing information on Credits, Copyright, or License".
45. Click on the Page "3".
46. Verify Page 3 layout appears on the right side.
47. Click the Change Image button.
48. Verify the image toolbox appears.
49. Click the File button.
50. Verify the Choose a picture dialog appears.
51. Click the car.jpg picture from the folder.
52. Click the open button.
53. Verify the car.jpg appears on the image toolbox pane.
54. Click the OK button.
55. Verify the picture is added into the Page "3".
56. Verify the "(?)c" button appears.
57. Mouse over the "(?)c" button.
58. Verify the following tool tip appears: "Image is missing information on Credits, Copyright, or License".
59. Click on the Page "4".
60. Verify Page 4 layout appears on the right side.
61. Click the Change Image button.
62. Verify the image toolbox appears.
63. Click the File button.
64. Verify the Choose a picture dialog appears.
65. Click the car.jpg picture from the folder.
66. Click the open button.
67. Verify the car.jpg appears on the image toolbox pane.
68. Click the OK button.
69. Verify the picture is added into the Page "4".
70. Verify the "(?)c" button appears.
71. Mouse over the "(?)c" button.
72. Verify the following tool tip appears: "Image is missing information on Credits, Copyright, or License".
73. Click on the Page "1".
74. Verify Page 1 layout appears on the right side.
75. Click on the "(?)c" button.
76. Verify the Copyright and License dialog appears.
77. Type 'Test Illustrator' in the Illustrator input box.
78. Type 'Test Copyright Holder' in the Copyright Holder input box.
79. Click the OK button.
80. Verify that the "Picture Intellectual Property Information" alert box appears with the message:

"Copy this information to all other pictures in this book?"
81. Click the Yes button.
82. Verify the alert box closes.
83. Verify the "(?)c" button on the image turns to"C ".
84. Mouse over the "C" button.
85. Verify the following tool tip appears: "Edit Image Credits, Copyright, & License".
86. Click on the Page "2".
87. Verify Page 2 layout appears on the right side.
88. Verify the "(?)c" button on the image turns to"C ".
89. Mouse over the "C" button.
90. Verify the following tool tip appears: "Edit Image Credits, Copyright, & License".
91. Click on the "C" button.
92. Verify the Copyright and License dialog appears.
93. Verify that the COPYRIGHT "Test Illustrator" from page 1 is displayed in the Illustrator input box.
94. Verify that the COPYRIGHT "Test Copyright Holder" from page 1 is displayed in the Copyright Holder input
95. Click the CANCEL button.
96. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
97. Click on the Page "3".
98. Verify Page 3 layout appears on the right side.
99. Verify the "(?)c" button on the image turns to"C ".
100. Mouse over the "C" button.
101. Verify the following tool tip appears: "Edit Image Credits, Copyright, & License".
102. Click on the "C" button.
103. Verify the Copyright and License dialog appears.
104. Verify that the COPYRIGHT "Test Illustrator" from page 1 is displayed in the Illustrator input box.
105. Verify that the COPYRIGHT "Test Copyright Holder" from page 1 is displayed in the Copyright Holder input
106. Click the CANCEL button.
107. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
108. Click on the Page "4".
109. Verify Page 4 layout appears on the right side.
110. Verify the "(?)c" button on the image turns to"C ".
111. Mouse over the "C" button.
112. Verify the following tool tip appears: "Edit Image Credits, Copyright, & License".
113. Click on the "C" button.
114. Verify the Copyright and License dialog appears.
115. Verify that the COPYRIGHT "Test Illustrator" from page 1 is displayed in the Illustrator input box.
116. Verify that the COPYRIGHT "Test Copyright Holder" from page 1 is displayed in the Copyright Holder input
117. Click the CANCEL button.
118. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
119. Click on the "Add Page +" button.
120. Verify the "Add Page..." dialog appears.
121. Verify that the "Number of pages to add" input displays 1 by default.
122. Edit the "Number of pages to add" input from 1 to 2.
123. Verify that the "Number of pages to add" input displays 2.
124. Select the Basic Text & Picture Template.
125. Click on the ADD PAGE button.
126. Verify the Pages 5 and 6 added in the left side.
127. Click on the Page "5".
128. Verify Page 5 layout appears on the right side.
129. Click the Change Image button.
130. Verify the image toolbox appears.
131. Click the File button.
132. Verify the Choose a picture dialog appears.
133. Click the flower.jpg picture from the folder.
134. Click the open button.
135. Verify the flower.jpg appears on the image toolbox pane.
136. Click the OK button.
137. Verify the picture is added into the Page "5".
138. Verify the "(?)c" button appears.
139. Mouse over the "(?)c" button.
140. Verify the following tool tip appears: "Image is missing information on Credits, Copyright, or License".
141. Click on the Page "6".
142. Verify Page 6 layout appears on the right side.
143. Click the Change Image button.
144. Verify the image toolbox appears.
145. Click the File button.
146. Verify the Choose a picture dialog appears.
147. Click the flower.jpg picture from the folder.
148. Click the open button.
149. Verify the flower.jpg appears on the image toolbox pane.
150. Click the OK button.
151. Verify the picture is added into the Page "6".
152. Verify the "(?)c" button appears.
153. Mouse over the "(?)c" button.
154. Verify the following tool tip appears: "Image is missing information on Credits, Copyright, or License".
155. Click on the Page "5".
156. Verify Page 5 layout appears on the right side.
157. Click on the "(?)c" button.
158. Verify the Copyright and License dialog appears.
159. Type 'Test Illustrator again' in the Illustrator input box.
160. Type 'Test Copyright Holder again' in the Copyright Holder input box.
161. Click the OK button.
162. Verify that the "Picture Intellectual Property Information" alert box appears with the message:

"Copy this information to all other pictures in this book?"
163. Click the No button.
164. Verify the alert box closes.
165. Verify the "(?)c" button on the image turns to"C ".
166. Mouse over the "C" button.
167. Verify the following tool tip appears: "Edit Image Credits, Copyright, & License".
168. Click on the Page "6".
169. Verify Page 6 layout appears on the right side.
170. Click on the "(?)c" button.
171. Verify the Copyright and License dialog appears.
172. Verify that the COPYRIGHT Illustrator information from page 5 is not displayed in the input box.
173. Verify that the COPYRIGHT Copyright Holder information from page 5 is not displayed in the input box.
174. Click the CANCEL button.
175. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Internet Image folder.
2. Delete Test Book.
3. Close Bloom application.
