---
id: 30
title: "Publishing book on Web"
description: "Test Case for Publishing book on Web"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-09
last-modified: 2025-10-27
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Create a Basic book under Templates.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
4. Click the Publish tab.
5. Click the Web button.
6. Verify Publish to Web view opens.
7. Verify "Missing Title" appears under Confirm Metadata.
8. Verify "Missing Copyright" appears under Confirm Metadata.
9. Click the 'Click to Fix' button under "Missing Title".
10. Verify Front Cover page opens in the Edit view.
11. Enter 'Test Book' in the book title.
12. Click the Publish tab.
13. Click the Web button.
14. Verify Publish to Web view opens.
15. Verify "Missing Copyright" appears under Confirm Metadata.
16. Click the 'Click to Fix' button under "Missing Copyright".
17. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
18. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder name.
19. Click the OK button.
20. Check all the three checkboxes under Agreements.
21. Select the Visibility (Draft) Check box.
22. Click 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
23. Verify it opens the Sign In / Sign Up dialog.
24. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
25. Enter the registered email (with bloom) in the Email text box. (eg., shawn@eth.net)
26. Click the Next button.
27. Enter valid password (eg., Bskdjdk@123)in the password text box.
28. Click the Sign In button.
29. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button appears on the Publish to Web view.
30. Click the 'UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button.
31. Wait for a few seconds.
32. Verify no collision dialog appears.
33. Verify VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button appears.
34. Click VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button.
35. Verify the book opens in the dev.bloomlibrary.org site.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic book.
2. Close Bloom application.
