---
id: 301
title: "Keyman with Decodable Reader book"
description: "(294) Test Keyman with Decodable Reader book"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-12
last-modified: 2025-09-19
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Install the Keyman keyboard build from “https://keyman.com/downloads/”
2. Install the “Uganda-Tanzania Bantu” keyboard in the Keyman.(Select a “Bondei” language while installing a keyboard)
3. Launch the Bloom application.
4. Navigate to the Collections tab.
5. Click the “Settings” button.
6. Verify that the “Settings” dialog box.
7. Click the “Languages” tab.
8. Click the “Set” link button under the “Language 3” pane.
9. Verify that the “Choose Language” dialog box
10. Enter the “Bondei” language in the search box.
11. Select the “Bondei” language.
12. Click the “Ok” button on the “Choose Language” dialog box.
13. Click the “Restart” button on the settings dialog box.
14. Verify that the Bloom application restarts and stays on the “Collections” tab.

**Action Steps**

1. Verify that the ‘Sources for New Books’ section appeared on the left pane
2. Click on the “Decodable Reader” under the “Specialized Templates” section of the left pane.
3. Verify that the template preview appears
4. Click on the ‘MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE’ button
5. Verify that the “Decodable Reader” book appears in edit mode.
6. Click on the ‘Add Page’ button on the ‘Pages’ pane.
7. Verify that the ‘Add Page…’ dialog appears
8. Click on the ‘Just Text’ template in the ‘Basic Pages’ section.
9. Click on the ‘Add Page’ button.
10. Verify the page is created in the ‘Just Text’ template.
11. Verify that the "Decodable Reader Tool” pane appears on the right side of the Bloom window.
12. Click the “Keyman keyboard” icon from the system taskbar(Windows tray).
13. Select the “English” Keyman keyboard.
14. Click on the ‘Just Text’ page from the Bloom application.
15. Type a sentence text using the Keyman keyboard. (E.g., He wanted to make things more exciting. So, he yelled out that he saw a wolf chasing the sheep.)
16. Verify that the text appears correctly while typing a text using the Keyman keyboard.
17. Click the “One Language” button.
18. Verify all the languages listed in the drop-down.
19. Select the “Bondei” language.
20. Verify the dropdown is renamed to “Two Languages”
21. Verify the second text box appears.
22. Click in the second text box.
23. Verify that the focus appears in the second box.
24. Click the “Keyman keyboard” icon from the system taskbar(Windows tray).
25. Select the “Bondei” Keyman keyboard(e.g., Uganda-tanzania Bantu(SIL) keyboard)
26. Type “ ‘ + a “ on the keyboard.
27. Verify that the “á” output appears in the second text box.
28. Type the “n” three times.
29. Verify that the “ŋ” output appears in the second text box.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Uninstall Keyman Keyboard.
2. Close the Bloom application.
