---
id: 303
title: "Pasting formatted text from Word doesn't work"
description: "(297) Pasting formatted text from Word doesn't work"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-12
last-modified: 2025-09-16
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click 'The Moon and the Cap' book.
2. Verify that the "Moon and the Cap" book is displayed in the "Right pane".
3. Click the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify it opens in the "Edit" mode.
5. Click "Page 5" from the "Pages" pane.
6. Verify that the "Page 5" is displayed in the "Right pane".
7. Click on the text box in the "Right pane".
8. Click the "Gear" icon which appears at the bottom left corner of the Page in "Right Pane".
9. Verify that the "Format" dialog box is displayed..
10. Click the "Characters" tab.
11. Click the color pallet in the "Characters" tab..
12. Verify “Text Color” dialog box is displayed.
13. Select the “Red” color in the “Text Color” dialog box.
14. Verify that the text color in the "Page 5" is in red color.
15. Click the “OK” button.
16. Verify that the “Text Color” dialog box is closed.
17. In the “Characters" tab click the “Bold” icon under the “Emphasis” area.
18. Verify that the text in page 5 is in red color and Bold.
19. In the “Characters" tab click the “Italic” icon under the “Emphasis” area.
20. Verify that the text in page 5 is in red color, Bold and Italic in the text area.
21. Click on the text area on page 5.
22. Select all the text in the text area.
23. Click the “Copy” icon from the toolbar.
24. Click on the text area on page 6.
25. Click the “Paste” button.
26. Verify that the text in page 5 is pasted on the text area.
27. Verify that the text is in red color, Bold and Italic.
28. Click on page 7.
29. Select all the text in the text area.
30. Click the “Copy” icon from the toolbar.
31. Click on the text area on the same page.
32. Click the “Paste” button.
33. Verify that the copied texts are pasted in the same page.
34. Verify that the text is in red color, Bold and Italic.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete The Moon and the Cap book.
2. Close Bloom application.
