---
id: 304
title: "Colors, Bullets, and numbers lost when copying from libreoffice"
description: "(298) Colors, Bullets, and numbers lost when copying from libreoffice"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-12
last-modified: 2025-10-27
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Enter "https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ILBljHzehSRDoCR7rmOSwIn6mRfiUF3b/view" in the browser window.
2. Verify the sample document page opens.
3. Hover mouse over the document page.
4. Verify "Open with Google Docs" link button appears.
5. Click the "Open with Google Docs" link button.
6. Verify the sample page opens in Google documents.
7. Copy all the texts which comes under "The following should paste correctly into Bloom" (e.g., The number here 7 is superscript The word is bold but this is not. The word is italics but this is not. The word is underlined but this is not)
8. Click a Basic book under Templates.
9. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
10. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
11. Click the Add Page button.
12. Verify Add page dialog opens.
13. Click the 'Just text' template under Basic Pages.
14. Click the Add Page button.
15. Verify the Just text page is added.
16. Press Ctrl+V.
17. Verify the formatting is retained.
18. Open the sample document page.
19. Copy all the texts under "The following are not supported for pasting as of Bloom 5.6"(eg., Bulleted List 1
20. Bulleted List 2 1. Numbered List 2. Numbered List )
21. Click on the text page in Bloom.
22. Press Ctrl+V.
23. Verify the bullets and numbers format are retained.
24. Open sample document page.
25. Copy all the texts "The word is large but this is not.The word is red but this is not."
26. Click on the text page in Bloom.
27. Press Ctrl+V.
28. Verify the texts with formats are retained.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Close LibreOffice Writer.
2. Close Bloom application.
