---
id: 305
title: "Copy styled text from Google Docs & paste into Bloom"
description: "(299) Copy styled text from Google Docs & paste into Bloom"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-12
last-modified: 2025-09-16
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Open google document in a browser.
2. Paste this sentence “·  Bulleted List 1 ·  Bulleted List 2 1. Numbered List 2.  Numbered List The number here7 is superscript The word is bold. The word is italics. The word is underlined. The word is large. The word is red.” in the google document.
3. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the “Basic Book” under the “Templates” area.
2. Verify that the  “Basic Book” template is displayed in the "Right pane".
3. Click the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify it opens in the "Edit" mode.
5. Click the dropdown menu for 'Choose a Page Size and Orientation' in the toolbar.
6. verify that the page size options are available.
7. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left of the page.
8. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed.
9. Select the “Just Text” page under the “Basic Pages” option.
10. Click the “ADD PAGE” button.
11. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is closed.
12. Verify that the new “Custom” page is displayed.
13. Select page 1.
14. Open the word document.
15. Copy all the texts in the word document.
16. Navigate to the Bloom Application.
17. Click on the text area on page 1.
18. Click the “Paste” button from the toolbar..
19. Verify that the copied texts are pasted on the page 1.
20. Verify that the pasted text retains the same formatting as in the Word document.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Close google document.
2. Delete the Basic book.
3. Close Bloom application.
