---
id: 306
title: "Deleting a parent bubble messes up tail of remaining \"child\" bubble"
description: "(333) Deleting a parent bubble messes up tail of remaining \"child\" bubble"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-12
last-modified: 2025-09-15
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Enter 'The Golden Touch' in the Front Cover title box.
6. Click the Credits Page thumbnail.
7. Verify the Credits page opens.
8. Click the 'Needs Copyright' button.
9. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
10. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
11. Click the OK button.
12. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
13. Click the Add page button.
14. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
15. Select 'Just a Picture' template.
16. Click the Add page button.
17. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
18. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
19. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
20. Enter 'bird' in the Search box.
21. Press the Enter key.
22. Verify Bird images appear on the preview pane.
23. Click any of the Bird images. (eg., parrot)
24. Click the OK button.
25. Verify the bird image appears on the picture pane.
26. Click the Hamburger button.
27. Verify the TBT menu appears.
28. Click the More..option (at the bottom of the menu)
29. Verify More...menu opens.
30. Select 'Overlay Tool' check box.
31. Verify the Overlay Tool menu opens.
32. Click on the Speech bubble which appears under the Overlay Tool.
33. Drag and drop the Speech bubble into the Picture pane.
34. Verify the Speech bubble appears on the picture pane.
35. Click the tail of the speech bubble.
36. Drag it towards the bird's beak.
37. Click on the Speech bubble.
38. Enter 'Hello!' in the Speech bubble text box.
39. Verify the entered text appears on the bubble.
40. Click on the Speech bubble.
41. Verify the Overlay tool option appears under the bubble.
42. Click the 'Duplicate' button.
43. Verify the Child Speech bubble appears on the page.
44. Click the Parent (or Original) Speech bubble.
45. Verify the Overlay tool option appears under the bubble.
46. Click the Delete button.
47. Verify the Parent bubble is deleted from the page.
48. Click on the Child Speech bubble.
49. Verify the tail should be displayed properly.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete ‘The Golden Touch’ book.
3. Close Bloom application.
