---
id: 307
title: "Publishing Overlay with no Enterprise gets stuck in error mode"
description: "(335) Publishing Overlay with no Enterprise gets stuck in error mode"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-12
last-modified: 2025-10-26
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click on the "Basic Book" Templates from the Sources For New Books.
2. Verify the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button appears on the Right side pane.
3. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify the Basic Book opens in the Edit Mode.
5. Click on the Front Cover page from the Left pane.
6. Verify the Front Cover page displays to Edit.
7. Click on the Title Box from the Front Cover page
8. Type Title as "Test Overlay Book".
9. Click on the "Add Page +" button.
10. Verify the "Add Page..." dialog appears.
11. Select the Basic Text & Picture Template.
12. Click on the ADD PAGE button.
13. Verify the Page "1" added to the Pages in the left side.
14. Click on the Page "1".
15. Verify Page 1 layout appears on the right side.
16. Verify the Image box appears on Page 1.
17. Click the Change Image button in the Image box.
18. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog appears.
19. Click the File button.
20. Verify the Choose a Picture dialog opens.
21. Select the desired image from the folder.
22. Click Open.
23. Verify the selected image appears in the Image Toolbox pane.
24. Click OK.
25. Verify the car image is added to Page 1.
26. Click the Hamburger menu (top-right corner).
27. Verify the More... button appears.
28. Click the More... button.
29. Verify the Overlay Tool checkbox is unchecked by default.
30. Click the Overlay Tool checkbox.
31. Verify the Overlay Tool menu appears.
32. Click the Speech Bubble option.
33. Drag and drop the Speech Bubble onto the Image box on Page 1.
34. Verify the Speech Bubble appears on the image.
35. Type “Hello!” in the Speech Bubble.
36. Click the Collections tab.
37. Verify that the "Test Overlay Book" appears in the Collection.
38. Click on the "Basic Book" Templates from the Sources For New Books.
39. Verify the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button appears on the Right side pane.
40. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
41. Verify the Basic Book opens in the Edit Mode.
42. Click on the Front Cover page from the Left pane.
43. Verify the Front Cover page displays to Edit.
44. Click on the Title Box from the Front Cover page
45. Type Title as "No Overlay Tool".
46. Click on the "Add Page +" button.
47. Verify the "Add Page..." dialog appears.
48. Select the Basic Text & Picture Template.
49. Click on the ADD PAGE button.
50. Verify the Page "1" added to the Pages in the left side.
51. Click on the Page "1".
52. Verify Page 1 layout appears on the right side.
53. Verify the Text box appears on Page 1.
54. Click the Text box.
55. Type "Test"
56. Click the Collections tab.
57. Verify that the books "Test Overlay Book" and "No Overlay Tool" appear in the Collection.
58. Click on the Settings button.
59. Verify the Settings dialog appears.
60. Click on the Bloom Subscription tab.
61. Verify the Subscription Code appears like "Test-727011-1339".
62. Delete the Subscription Code.
63. Click the Restart button.
64. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
65. Click on the "Test Overlay Book" from the Collection.
66. Verify the "Test Overlay Book" book gets selected.
67. Click the Publish tab.
68. Verify the following error message appears: "Features Requires Higher Subscription Tier"
69. Click the Collections tab.
70. Verify that the books "Test Overlay Book" and "No Overlay Tool" appear in the Collection.
71. Click on the "No Overlay Tool" book from the collection.
72. Verify the "No Overlay Tool" book gets selected.
73. Click the Publish tab.
74. Verify the Error message does not appear.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the books "Test Overlay Book" and "No Overlay Tool"
2. Close Bloom application.
