---
id: 309
title: "Change the background color of a bubble then change bubble style"
description: "(337) Change the background color of a bubble then change bubble style"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-12
last-modified: 2025-09-15
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Click the Add page button.
6. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
7. Select 'Just a Picture' template.
8. Click the Add page button.
9. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
10. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
11. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
12. Enter 'bird' in the Search box.
13. Press the Enter key.
14. Verify Bird images appear on the preview pane.
15. Click any of the Bird images. (eg., parrot)
16. Click the OK button.
17. Verify the bird image appears on the picture pane.
18. Click the Hamburger button.
19. Verify the TBT menu appears.
20. Click the More..option (at the bottom of the menu)
21. Verify More...menu opens.
22. Select 'Overlay Tool' check box.
23. Verify the Overlay Tool menu opens.
24. Click on the Speech bubble which appears under the Overlay Tool.
25. Drag and drop the Speech bubble into the Picture pane.
26. Verify the Speech bubble appears on the picture pane.
27. Click on the Background color option. (right side menu)
28. Verify Background Color palette appears.
29. Click on any color (eg., yellow) from the Color bar.
30. Click the OK button.
31. Verify the background color of the Speech bubble is changed.
32. Click the Style pull down menu from the Overlay Tool menu.
33. Click 'Caption' style.
34. Verify the Speech bubble style is changed to Caption style.
35. Verify the background color of the Speech bubble should not be lost.
36. Click the Style pull down menu from the Overlay Tool menu.
37. Click 'Exclamation' style.
38. Verify the Speech bubble style is changed to Exclamation style.
39. Verify the background color of the Speech bubble should not be lost.
40. Click the Style pull down menu from the Overlay Tool menu.
41. Click 'Just Text' style.
42. Verify the Speech bubble style is changed to Just Text style.
43. Verify the background color of the Speech bubble should not be lost.
44. Click the Style pull down menu from the Overlay Tool menu.
45. Click 'Speech' style.
46. Verify the Speech bubble style is changed to Speech style.
47. Verify the background color of the Speech bubble should not be lost.
48. Click the Style pull down menu from the Overlay Tool menu.
49. Click 'Ellipse' style.
50. Verify the Speech bubble style is changed to Ellipse style.
51. Verify the background color of the Speech bubble should not be lost.
52. Click the Style pull down menu from the Overlay Tool menu.
53. Click 'Thought' style.
54. Verify the Speech bubble style is changed to Thought style.
55. Verify the background color of the Speech bubble should not be lost.
56. Click the Style pull down menu from the Overlay Tool menu.
57. Click 'Circle' style.
58. Verify the Speech bubble style is changed to Circle style.
59. Verify the background color of the Speech bubble should not be lost.
60. Click the Style pull down menu from the Overlay Tool menu.
61. Click 'Rectangle' style.
62. Verify the Speech bubble style is changed to Rectangle style.
63. Verify the background color of the Speech bubble should not be lost.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Basic book.
3. Close Bloom application.
