---
id: 31
title: "ePUB accessibility (Metadata)"
description: "Test case for ePUB accessibility (Metadata)"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-09
last-modified: 2025-10-27
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Type 'https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9mtzsjs9jsvw?hl=en-US&gl=US' in a browser search bar.
2. Verify eKitabu e-reader page opens.
3. Click the Download button.
4. Verify eKitabu Installer file is downloaded in the system.
5. Double click on the 'eKitabu e-reader Installer' file.
6. Verify 'eKitabu e-reader..The latest version is installed' dialog box appears.
7. Enter ' https://www.win-rar.com/fileadmin/winrar-versions/winrar/winrar-x64-713.exe' in the browser search bar.
8. Verify 'Winrar-x64x-x.exe' file is downloaded.
9. Open Downloads folder.
10. Double click on 'Winrar-x64x.exe' file
11. Verify 'Do you want to allow this app..' warning message dialog appears.
12. Click the YES button.
13. Verify WinRAR dialog opens.
14. Click the Install button.
15. Verify WinRAR Setup dialog box opens.
16. Click the OK button.
17. Verify 'Thank you for using WinRAR' message appears.
18. Click the Done button.
19. Type 'https://www.xmlmind.com/xmleditor/download.shtml' in the browser search bar.
20. Click on the xxe-perso-x_x_x-setup.exe file.
21. Verify XMLmind Editor exe file (eg., xxe-perso-11-setup.exe) is downloaded.
22. Open Downloads folder.
23. Double click on xxe-perso-xxsetup.exe file.
24. Verify Select Setup Install Mode dialog opens.
25. Click the 'Install for all users' option.
26. Verify 'Do you want to allow this..' User Account Control dialog opens.
27. Click the YES button.
28. Verify 'Select Setup Language' dialog opens.
29. Click the OK button.
30. Verify 'Setup - XMLmind XML Editor' dialog opens.
31. Click the Next button.
32. Verify License Agreement page opens.
33. Click the 'I accept the agreement' radio button.
34. Click the Next button.
35. Verify 'Select Destination Location' heading appears.
36. Click the Next button
37. Verify Select Start Menu Folder heading appears.
38. Click the Next button.
39. Verify Select Additional Tasks heading appears.
40. Click the Next button.
41. Verify Ready to Install heading appears.
42. Click the Install button.
43. Verify 'Installing..' dialog appears.
44. Wait for a few seconds.
45. Verify 'Completing the XMLmind ...' dialog appears.
46. Click the Finish button.
47. Verify the XMLmind XML Editor  dialog opens.

**Action Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Click the 'Settings' button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog box opens.
4. Click the 'Bloom Subscription' tab.
5. Verify the 'Subscription Code' text box appears.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription Code text box.
7. Verify there is a green tick mark appearing near the subscription code.
8. Click the 'Restart' button.
9. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
10. Click 'The Moon and the Cap' Shell book under Sample Shells.
11. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button.
12. Verify the Book opens in the Edit view.
13. Click the Publish tab.
14. Click the ePUB button.
15. Click the “Book Metadata” button.
16. Verify the Book Metadata dialog opens.
17. Enter "Tester" in the Author Text box.
18. Enter "This is a Story book" in the Summary Text box.
19. Enter " 30-40" in the Typical age range text box.
20. Click the OK button.
21. Enter '4' in the Reading Level box.
22. Click the OK button.
23. Verify the dialog closes.
24. Click the Preview button.
25. Verify a warning message appears "The following pages were removed because they are not supported in ePUBs:" in the 'Creating ePUB' dialog.
26. Click the Close button.
27. Verify the dialog closes.
28. Click the Save button.
29. Verify 'Save As' dialog opens.
30. Verify 'The Moon and the Cap X' appears on the File name text box.
31. Click the Save button.
32. Verify the 'The Moon and the Cap X' file is saved as a .epub file in the Documents folder.
33. Open the Documents folder.
34. Verify 'The Moon and the Cap X'.epub file appears.
35. Right click on the 'The Moon and the Cap X' file.
36. Verify a popup menu opens.
37. Click the 'Open with..' option.
38. Verify 'eKitabu..' option appears.
39. Click the 'eKitabu..'option.
40. Verify the book opens in the ePUB reader.
41. Click the Information (i) page.
42. Verify the Author name 'Tester' appears on the page.
43. Click the close button.
44. Verify the ePUB reader closes.
45. Rename'The Moon and the Cap X'.epub file to 'The Moon and the Cap X.zip' file.
46. Right click on the 'The Moon and the Cap X.zip' file.
47. Verify a popup menu appears.
48. Click the 'Add to Archive..' option.
49. Verify 'Archive name and parameters' dialog opens.
50. Click the 'ZIP' radio button under the 'Archive format' heading.
51. Click the OK button.
52. Verify The Moon and the Cap X.zip file is created in the Documents folder.
53. Right click on the 'The Moon and the Cap X.zip' file.
54. Verify a popup menu opens.
55. Click the 'Open With..' option.
56. Verify a Submenu appears.
57. Click the 'Win RAR' option.
58. Verify the .zip file opens in the Win RAR dialog.
59. Double click on the 'Content' folder.
60. Verify that a file called 'content.opf' appears inside the folder.
61. Rename the 'content.opf' file to 'content.xml'
62. Click the 'Extract To' button from the Win RAR dialog.
63. Verify 'Extraction path and options' dialog opens.
64. Click the OK button.
65. Verify the extracted folder (eg., The Moon and the Cap.zip) appears in the Document folder.
66. Right click on the 'content.xml' file.
67. Verify a popup menu opens.
68. Click the 'Open with..'option.
69. Verify a submenu opens.
70. Click the 'XXe' option.
71. Verify the content opens in the XML Editor.
72. Verify the author name 'Tester' appears in the metadata.
73. Verify the description 'This is a Story book' appears in the metadata.
74. Verify the typicalAgeRange '30-40" appears.
75. Verify the education level appears as '4'.
76. Verify all the metadata information has been transferred.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Uninstall eKitabu ePUB reader.
2. Uninstall WinRAR
3. Uninstall XMLmind XML Editor
4. Delete ‘The Moon and the Cap’ book.
5. Close Bloom application.
