---
id: 311
title: "Collection book thumbnail:  click triangle menu should match the standard right-click menu"
description: "Option menu should open and function properly when clicking the triangle button or right clicking on the book thumbnail in the book collection"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-12
last-modified: 2025-09-15
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Select any book thumbnail under the Book collection name. (in Collection tab)
2. Verify a triangle button appears at the bottom right corner of the book thumbnail.
3. Click the triangle button of the book thumbnail.
4. Verify an option menu appears.
5. Click Rename Book.. option.
6. Verify the book caption is changed for editing.
7. Type 'Test Book' in the edit box.
8. Press the Enter key.
9. Verify the book name is renamed. (as Test Book)
10. Click the triangle button of the book thumbnail.
11. Verify an option menu appears.
12. Click the Duplicate Book option.
13. Verify a duplicate book is created with the name 'Test Book- Copy'.
14. Click on the Test Book thumbnail.
15. Click the triangle button of the Test Book thumbnail.
16. Verify an option menu appears.
17. Click the 'Show in File Explorer' option.
18. Verify the book's location should open in a window.
19. Click the Close button.
20. Verify the Window closes
21. Click on the Test Book-Copy thumbnail.
22. Click the triangle button of the Test Book thumbnail.
23. Verify an option menu appears.
24. Click the Delete Book option.
25. Verify Confirm Delete dialog opens with the Delete button.
26. Click the Delete button.
27. Verify the Book is deleted from the Book Collections.
28. Click on the Test Book thumbnail.
29. Click the triangle button of the Test Book thumbnail.
30. Verify an option menu appears.
31. Click the More option.
32. Verify a submenu opens.
33. Verify 'Export to Word or Libreoffice ..' is enabled.
34. Verify 'Export to Spreadsheet..'option enabled.
35. Verify 'Import Content from Spreadsheet..'option enabled.
36. Verify 'Saving as Single File (*.bloomSource)..' option is enabled.
37. Verify 'Save as Bloom Pack(*.BloomPack)...' option is enabled.
38. Verify 'Update Thumbnail' option is enabled.
39. Verify the 'Update Book' is enabled.
40. Click outside of the option menu.
41. Verify the option menu closes.
42. Right click on the Test Book thumbnail book.
43. Verify an options menu opens.
44. Click Rename Book.. option.
45. Verify the book caption is changed for editing.
46. Type 'Test Book1' in the edit box.
47. Press the Enter key.
48. Verify the book name is renamed. (as Test Book1)
49. Right click on the Test Book1 thumbnail book.
50. Verify an option menu appears.
51. Click the Duplicate Book option.
52. Verify a duplicate book is created with the name 'Test Book1- Copy'.
53. Right click on the Test Book1 thumbnail book.
54. Verify an option menu appears.
55. Click the 'Show in File Explorer' option.
56. Verify the book's location should open in a window.
57. Click the Close button.
58. Verify the Window closes
59. Right click on the Test Book1-Copy thumbnail.
60. Verify an option menu appears.
61. Click the Delete Book option.
62. Verify Confirm Delete dialog opens with the Delete button.
63. Click the Delete button.
64. Verify the Book is deleted from the Book Collections.
65. Right click on the Test Book1 thumbnail.
66. Verify an option menu appears.
67. Click on the More.. option.
68. Verify a submenu opens.
69. Verify 'Export to Word or Libreoffice ..' is enabled.
70. Verify 'Export to Spreadsheet..'option enabled.
71. Verify 'Import Content from Spreadsheet..'option enabled.
72. Verify 'Saving as Single File (*.bloomSource)..' option is enabled.
73. Verify 'Save as Bloom Pack(*.BloomPack)...' option is enabled.
74. Verify 'Update Thumbnail' option is enabled.
75. Verify the 'Update Book' is enabled.
76. Click outside of the option menu.
77. Verify the option menu closes.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic book.
2. Close Bloom application.
