---
id: 312
title: "Changing Layout using Page Context Menu"
description: "(350) Choose Different Layout not handling picture and video overlays"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-12
last-modified: 2025-09-15
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Click the Add page button.
6. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
7. Select 'Just a Picture' template.
8. Click the Add page button.
9. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
10. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
11. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
12. Enter 'bird' in the Search box.
13. Press the Enter key.
14. Verify Bird images appear on the preview pane.
15. Click any of the Bird images. (eg., parrot)
16. Click the OK button.
17. Verify the bird image appears on the picture pane.
18. Click the Hamburger button.
19. Verify the TBT menu appears.
20. Click the More..option (at the bottom of the menu)
21. Verify More...menu opens.
22. Select 'Overlay Tool' check box.
23. Verify the Overlay Tool menu opens.
24. Click on the Speech bubble which appears under the Overlay Tool.
25. Drag and drop the Speech bubble into the Picture pane.
26. Verify the Speech bubble appears on the picture pane.
27. Click on the Speech bubble text box.
28. Type ‘Hello!’ in the text box.
29. Click outside of the bubble.
30. Verify the entered word appears on the Speech bubble.
31. Click the Add page button.
32. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
33. Select 'Basic Text & Picture' template.
34. Click the Add page button.
35. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
36. Click Page 1 thumbnail.
37. Verify the triangle button appears at the bottom right corner of the thumbnail.
38. Click the triangle button.
39. Verify an options menu appears.
40. Click the 'Choose Different Layout..' option.
41. Verify 'Choose Different Layout' dialog opens.
42. Select 'Basic Text & Picture' layout.
43. Click the 'Use this Layout' button.
44. Verify the 'Just a picture' layout is changed to Basic Text & Picture' layout.
45. Verify the picture with speechbubble appearing on the picture pane.
46. Verify the text pane appears below the picture pane.
47. Enter 'This is a test page' in the text pane.
48. Right click on the Page 1 thumbnail.
49. Verify an options menu appears.
50. Click the 'Choose Different Layout..' option.
51. Select 'Picture on Bottom' layout.
52. Click the 'Use this Layout' button.
53. Verify the text pane appears on top of the page.
54. Verify the picture pane appears below the text pane.
55. Right click on the Page 1 thumbnail.
56. Verify an options menu appears.
57. Click the 'Choose Different Layout..' option.
58. Select 'Picture on Left' layout.
59. Select 'Change all similar pages in this book to this layout' checkbox.
60. Click the Use this Layout button.
61. Verify the picture pane appears on the left side.
62. Verify the text pane appears on the right side.
63. Click Page 2.
64. Verify the picture pane appears on the left side.
65. Verify the text pane appears on the right side.
66. Right click on the Page 1 thumbnail.
67. Verify an options menu appears.
68. Click the 'Choose Different Layout..' option.
69. Select 'Just Text' layout.
70. Verify 'Converting to this layout will cause some content to be lost' message appears in the red line.
71. Select 'Continue anyway' checkbox.
72. Verify 'Change all similar pages in this book to this layout' option is enabled.(with checkbox)
73. Select the checkbox.
74. Click Use this Layout button.
75. Verify the picture pane disappears.
76. Verify the entered text 'This is a test page' appears on the text page.
77. Click Page 2 thumbnail.
78. Verify the layout is changed to a text page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Basic book.
3. Close Bloom application.
