---
id: 313
title: "Change zoom level and Check that it functions correctly"
description: "(351) Change zoom level and Check that it functions correctly"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-12
last-modified: 2025-09-15
---

# Steps

**Setup steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Click the Add page button.
6. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
7. Select 'Just a Picture' template.
8. Click the Add page button.
9. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
10. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
11. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
12. Enter 'bird' in the Search box.
13. Press the Enter key.
14. Verify Bird images appear on the preview pane.
15. Click any of the Bird images. (eg., parrot)
16. Click the OK button.
17. Verify the bird image appears on the picture pane.
18. Click the Hamburger button.
19. Verify the TBT menu appears.
20. Click the More..option (at the bottom of the menu)
21. Verify More...menu opens.
22. Select 'Overlay Tool' check box.
23. Verify the Overlay Tool menu opens.
24. Click on the Speech bubble which appears under the Overlay Tool.
25. Drag and drop the Speech bubble into the Picture pane.
26. Verify the Speech bubble appears on the picture pane.
27. Click on the Speech bubble text box.
28. Type ‘Hello!’ in the text box.
29. Click outside of the bubble.
30. Verify the entered word appears on the Speech bubble.
31. Click the zoom out button (-) which appears on the top right corner of the window.
32. Verify the zoom level changes to 90%
33. Click the zoom out button (-).
34. Verify the zoom level changes to 80%
35. Double click on the zoom out button (-).
36. Verify the zoom level changes to 60%
37. Double click on the zoom in button (+)
38. Verify the zoom level increases to 80%
39. Double click on the zoom in button(+)
40. Verify the zoom level increases to 100%
41. Click on the zoom in button(+)
42. Verify the zoom level increases to 110%
43. Click on the zoom out button(+)
44. Verify the zoom level changes to 100%

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Basic book.
3. Close Bloom application.
