---
id: 314
title: "Problem with Checkboxes in Reader Levels"
description: "(465,466) Problem with Checkboxes in Reader Levels"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-12
last-modified: 2025-10-09
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download French Decodable and Leveled Reader from the given link: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1WWDT2Iz7Q6Mh0Q_96Jiy1Y-RM-NG7UoS (Needs Developer’s approval)
2. Double click on the French Decodable Leveled 2024-05-07.BloomBook Pack.
3. Verify Bloom Pack Installer dialog opens.
4. Click the OK button.
5. Verify Bloom Pack Installation dialog appears.
6. Click the OK button.
7. Verify the book opens in the Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click "LR1:Levels 1-3 Word.." book thumbnail under French Decodable Leveled under the lower left pane of the Collections view.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Click Page 1.
6. Verify the Level Reader Tool menu shows 'Level x of x' on the right pane.
7. Click the 'Setup Levels' link button.
8. Verify Setup Leveled Reader Tool dialog opens.
9. Click 'In any Word' Check box to select it.
10. Enter '6' in the number box .(In any Word number box)
11. Click the OK button to close the dialog.
12. Click the 'Setup Levels' link button.
13. Verify the checkbox remains enabled. (in the Reader Levels tab)
14. Delete the number in the text box near 'Per Sentence'
15. Click the 'Per Sentence' checkbox to deselect it.
16. Click the OK button to close the dialog.
17. Click the 'Setup Levels' link button.
18. Click the Reader Levels tab.
19. Verify the checkbox remains disabled.
20. Click the Reader Levels tab.
21. Click 'Average per Page' Check box to select it.
22. Enter '2' in the text box.
23. Click the OK button to close the dialog.
24. Click the 'Setup Levels' link button.
25. Click the Reader Levels tab.
26. Verify the checkbox remains enabled.
27. Click the Reader Levels tab.
28. Delete the number from the 'Per Book' number box.
29. Click the 'Per Book' Check box to deselect it.
30. Click the OK button to close the dialog.
31. Click the 'Setup Levels' link button.
32. Click the Reader Levels tab.
33. Verify the checkbox remains disabled.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the "LR1:Levels 1-3 Word.." book.
2. Delete the French Decodable Leveled 2024-05-07.BloomBook Pack.
3. Close Bloom application.
