---
id: 317
title: "Check non-L1 pages and Instruction Pages aren't counted in stats"
description: "(469) Check non-L1 pages and Instruction Pages aren't counted in stats"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-12
last-modified: 2025-09-18
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Settings button from the Bloom Editor toolbar.
2. Verify the Settings dialog is displayed.
3. Verify that the "English" language is displayed under "Language 2 (e.g. National Language)" field.
4. Click the "Change" hyperlink button under "Language 2 (e.g. National Language)" field.
5. Verify that the "Choose Language" dialog box is displayed.
6. Type "tamil" in the "Search by name, code, or country" field.
7. Verify "Tamil ta" is displayed.
8. Select the "Tamil ta" in the "Choose Language" dialog box.
9. Verify that the scripts were displayed under "Tamil ta".
10. Select the script "Tamil".
11. Verify that the "OK" button is enabled.
12. Click the "OK" button.
13. Verify that the language is changed to " தமிழ் (ta)" under the "Language 2 (e.g. National Language)" field.
14. Click the "Restart" button in the "Settings" dialog box.
15. Verify that the "Bloom" application is relaunched.
16. Click the “Leveled Reader” Book template.
17. Verify that the  “Leveled Reader” template is displayed in the "Right pane".
18. Click the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
19. Verify it opens in the "Edit" mode.
20. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left of the page.
21. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed.
22. Select the “Just Text” page under the “Basic Pages” option.
23. Click the “ADD PAGE” button.
24. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is closed.
25. Verify that the new “Custom” page is displayed.
26. Click on the text area on page 1.
27. Type this sentence “'The Greek king Midas did a good deed for a Satyr. This prompted Dionysus, the god of wine, to grant him a wish.” in the text area.
28. Verify that the typed words got highlighted.
29. Verify the word stats are displayed  under 'This Book' in the “Leveled Reader Tool” pane.
30. Click the dropdown menu near “One Language”.
31. Click the “தமிழ்” option.
32. Verify that the text box for “தமிழ்” appears on the page.
33. Type "இவர் அரியாசனம் செல்லும் இடங்கள்" in the tamil text box.
34. Verify the non-L1 pages are not counted in stats in the “Leveled Reader Tool” pane.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete Level Reader book.
2. Close Bloom application.
