---
id: 319
title: "New Leveled Reader Measures"
description: "(471) New Leveled Reader Measures"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-12
last-modified: 2025-09-23
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click Leveled reader book.
2. Verify 'Make a Book using this Source' button appears.
3. Click the 'Make a Book using this Source' button.
4. Verify it opens in the edit mode.
5. Click the Add page button.
6. Verify the Add page dialog opens.
7. Click the 'Just text' template.
8. Click the Add page button.
9. Verify the Just text template is added.
10. Type "The Lord is my shepherd.  I shall not be in want. He makes me lie down in green pastures." in the text box.
11. Verify the first sentence is not highlighted.
12. Verify the sentences which exceed Per Sentence highlighted in orange.
13. Click the Add Page button.
14. Verify Add Page dialog opens.
15. Click the 'Just text' template.
16. Click the Add page button.
17. Verify the Just text page is added.
18. Turn on the "Change Layout' toggle switch.
19. Verify the page appears in the Edit mode.
20. Hover the mouse over the page.
21. Click the (+) button which appears at the top left corner of the page.
22. Verify the Optional Links (Picture, Video, Text or HTML Widget) appear on the page.
23. Click the Text link button.
24. Verify a new Text Box is added.
25. Hover the mouse over the page.
26. Click the (+) button which appears at the top left corner of the page.
27. Verify the Optional Links (Picture, Video, Text or HTML Widget) appear on the page.
28. Click the Text link button.
29. Verify a new Text Box is added.
30. Click the (+) button which appears at the lower left corner of the page.
31. Verify the Optional Links (Picture, Video, Text or HTML Widget) appear on the page.
32. Click the Text link button.
33. Verify a new Text Box is added.
34. Verify there are 4 Tex Box(es) appear on the page.
35. Turn off the toggle switch.
36. Hover the mouse over the page.
37. Verify there are 4 text boxes appearing on the page.
38. Click any of the text boxes.
39. Verify the "Actual" count of avg in the book should not increase.  (under the Sentence Counts)
40. Click the Add Page button.
41. Verify Add Page dialog opens.
42. Click the 'Just text' template.
43. Click the Add page button.
44. Verify the Just text page is added.
45. Verify Avg words per page should not increase.
46. Click the Page 3 thumbnail.
47. Verify an option menu opens.
48. Click the "Duplicate Page' option.
49. Verify a duplicate page (Page 4) is added.
50. Verify Avg words per page should not increase.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Leveled Reader.
2. Close Bloom application.
