---
id: 32
title: "Page Image Credits"
description: "Test case for Page Image Credits"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-09
last-modified: 2025-09-09
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

Download this zipped Bloom collection (DOKTC32_BL-9901-Book.zip): https://drive.google.com/file/d/1r4LtI_IHBVbGRKl7gm1I1TRJglb96y-z/view

Verify the Bloom collection was downloaded successfully.

Unzip the Bloom collection.

Verify the Bloom collection was unzipped successfully.

Download this zipped Bloom collection (DOKTC32_PasteImageCredits.zip): https://drive.google.com/file/d/1BGOmFebEgbl3M6VtQmFwI16jMWm2R95s/view?usp=sharing

Verify the Bloom collection was downloaded successfully.

Unzip the Bloom collection.

Verify the Bloom collection was unzipped successfully.

Double-click the DOKTC32.bloomCollection file inside the folder.

Verify the Bloom collection opens in Bloom successfully.

Verify the Bloom collection contains these 4 books: “A. Images with Different Credits”, “B. Cover Page Image Missing Credits”, “C. All Images Have Same Credit”, “D. Multiple But Not All Images Have Same Credits”

Click any existing book’s thumbnail. (eg., A. Images with Different Credits book thumbnail)

Verify the book preview displays on the right.

In the book preview, scroll down to the last page.

Verify the Education for Life logo and the Papua New Guinea SIL logo display on the last page.

**Action Steps**

1. Click  the book titled “A. Images with Different Credits” from the Collections view.
2. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
3. Verify the book loads correctly (the Front Cover and each of the 12 numbered pages has an image).
4. Click the Title Page thumbnail.
5. Verify the Paste Image Credits text link button displays.
6. Verify there is no text in the Contributions text box (to the left of the Paste Image Credits text link button).
7. Click the Paste Image Credits text link button.
8. Verify line 1 in the Contributions text box is empty.
9. Verify line 2 in the Contributions text box says: Image on page Front Cover by Lucio Liu, © 2025 Pixabay. CC BY 4.0.
10. Verify line 3 in the Contributions text box says: Image on page 1 by Pexels, © 2025 Pixabay. CC BY 4.0.
11. Verify line 4 in the Contributions text box says: Image on page 2 by © 2025 The Heather. CC BY 4.0.
12. Verify line 5 in the Contributions text box says: Image on page 4 by Pixabay. CC0 1.0.
13. Verify line 6 in the Contributions text box says: Image on page 5 by Ahmet Yüksek, © 2025 Pixabay.
14. Verify line 7 in the Contributions text box says: Image on page 6 by Martine Auvray, © 2025 Pixabay. my custom license.
15. Verify lines 8-10 in the Contributions text box say: Image on page 7 by Jim Padgett, © 2025 Sweet Publishing / FreeBibleImages. CC BY-NC-ND 4.0. See restrictions at https://freebibleimages.org/illustrations/creation/.
16. Verify line 11 in the Contributions text box says: Image on page 8 by Ilona Ilyés, © 2025 Pixabay. CC BY-NC 4.0.
17. Verify line 12 in the Contributions text box says: Image on page 9 by Eleanor Smith, © 2025 Pixabay. CC BY-ND 4.0.
18. Verify line 13 in the Contributions text box says: Image on page 10 by Petra, © 2025 Pixabay. CC BY-SA 4.0.
19. Verify line 14 in the Contributions text box says: Image on page 11 by Chevanon Photography, © 2025 Pexels. CC BY-SA 4.0.
20. Verify lines 15-16 in the Contributions text box say: Missing credits: PatTheDog1.jpg (page 3), Crocheted_Phone_Case-1.jpg (page 12)
21. Verify there are no more lines of text in the Contributions text box.
22. Click the Collections tab.
23. Click  “B. Cover Page Image Missing Credits” book thumbnail from the Collections view.
24. Verify  EDIT THIS BOOK button is available on the right pane.
25. Click EDIT THIS BOOK button.
26. Open the book titled “B. Cover Page Image Missing Credits”.
27. Verify the book loads correctly (the Front Cover does not have an image and there are no numbered pages in the book).
28. Click the Title Page thumbnail.
29. Verify the Paste Image Credits text link button displays.
30. Verify there is no text in the Contributions text box (to the left of the Paste Image Credits text link button).
31. Click the Paste Image Credits text link button.
32. Verify line 1 in the Contributions text box is empty.
33. Verify line 2 in the Contributions text box says: Missing credits: PatTheDog.jpg (page Front Cover)
34. Click the Collections tab.
35. Click the book titled “C. All Images Have Same Credit” from the Collections view.
36. Verify  EDIT THIS BOOK button is available on the right pane.
37. Click EDIT THIS BOOK button.
38. Verify the book loads correctly (the Front Cover and each of the 7 numbered pages has an image).
39. Click the Title Page thumbnail.
40. Verify the Paste Image Credits text link button displays.
41. Verify there is no text in the Contributions text box (to the left of the Paste Image Credits text link button).
42. Click the Paste Image Credits text link button.
43. Verify line 1 in the Contributions text box is empty.
44. Verify lines 2-3 in the Contributions text box say: Images by Jim Padgett, © 2025 Sweet Publishing / FreeBibleImages. CC BY-NC-SA 4.0. See restrictions at https://freebibleimages.org/illustrations/creation/.
45. Click the Collection tab.
46. Click the book titled “D. Multiple But Not All Images Have Same Credits”.
47. Verify  EDIT THIS BOOK button is available on the right pane.
48. Click EDIT THIS BOOK button.
49. Verify the book loads correctly (the Front Cover and each of the 10 numbered pages has an image).
50. Click the Title Page thumbnail.
51. Verify the Paste Image Credits text link button displays.
52. Verify there is no text in the Contributions text box (to the left of the Paste Image Credits text link button).
53. Click the Paste Image Credits text link button.
54. Verify line 1 in the Contributions text box is empty.
55. Verify lines 2-3 in the Contributions text box say: Images on pages Front Cover, 1–3, 5–6, 9–10 by Jim Padgett, © 2025 Sweet Publishing / FreeBibleImages. CC BY-NC-SA 4.0. See restrictions at https://freebibleimages.org/illustrations/creation/.
56. Verify line 4 in the Contributions text box says: Images on pages 4, 7–8 by me, © 2025 The Heather. CC BY 4.0.
57. Close the Bloom application.
58. Double-click the "Buku buku bahasa Banjar.bloomCollection" file in the unzipped Bloom collection file
59. Verify the "BL-9901" collection opens in the Bloom application.
60. Click the "Kuduk tulak ka kuta" book thumbnail.
61. Click the "EDIT THIS BOOK" button.
62. Verify the book loads in Edit mode.
63. Click the Title Page thumbnail.
64. Verify the Title Page displays in Edit mode.
65. Click the "i" button to the right of the "Buku Asli oleh: Cathy Krekel, Digambarkan oleh: Jeff Whetstone" text.
66. Verify the Paste Image Credits text link button is visible.
67. Click the Paste Image Credits text link button.
68. Verify these image credits are pasted into the page: Images on pages Sampul Depan, 5–19 by Tim penerjemah bahasa Banjar, © 2021 Tim penerjemah bahasa Banjar. CC BY-NC-SA 4.0.  Images on pages 2, 4 by Tim penerjemah bahasa Banjar, © 2021 Tim penerjemah bahasa Banjar.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Close the Bloom application.
2. Delete the DOKTC32_BL-9901-Book.zip file.
3. Delete the "BL-9901 DOKTC 32" folder.
4. Delete the DOKTC32_PasteImageCredits.zip file.
5. Delete the "DOKTC32" folder.
