---
id: 322
title: "Publish Audio / Video"
description: "(228 to 230) Publish Audio / Video"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-12
last-modified: 2025-10-09
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Connect the WebCam to the computer.
2. Right click on Windows (10) desktop.
3. Verify an option menu appears.
4. Click Display settings.
5. Verify the ‘Display Settings’ window opens.
6. Click '100% (Recommended)' option under Scale and layout heading.
7. Select '125%'
8. Verify the Windows screen resolution changes.
9. Launch Bloom application
10. Click the Settings button.
11. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
12. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
13. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
14. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
15. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
16. Click the Restart button.
17. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click eBook under Templates.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
4. Click the Add Page button.
5. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
6. Select 'Just Video' template under Sign language Pages.
7. Click the Add Page button.
8. Verify the page is added.
9. Verify Sign Language Tool menu opens.
10. Click the Record button.
11. Verify the recording is started.
12. Wait for a few seconds.
13. Click the Stop button.
14. Verify the recording is stopped.
15. Click the Publish tab.
16. Click the Audio or Video button.
17. Verify Publish as Audio or Video view opens.
18. Click the Preview button.
19. Verify a Warning message 'Disable Display Scaling' appears under 'Make Recording' heading.
20. Verify the ‘RECORD’ button is disabled.
21. Click the 'Open Display Settings' link button under Disable Display Scaling.
22. Verify the ‘Display Settings’ window opens.
23. Click '125%' option under Scale and layout heading.
24. Select '100% (Recommended)'
25. Verify the Windows screen resolution changes to default size.
26. Click on the Bloom icon from the taskbar.
27. Verify the Bloom application opens.
28. Click the Edit tab.
29. Verify the recorded video appears on the page.
30. Click the Publish tab.
31. Click the Audio or Video button.
32. Verify Publish as Audio or Video view opens.
33. Click the Preview button.
34. Click the Play button.
35. Verify the video plays.
36. Click the Format combo box under Options.
37. Verify the combo box opens.
38. Select the 'YouTube' option.
39. Click the Preview button.
40. Click the Play button.
41. Verify the video plays.
42. Click the Record button.
43. Verify the Recording process completed successfully.
44. Verify the Processing Video dialog appears.
45. Click the Close button.
46. Click the Collections tab.
47. Verify the Collections view opens.
48. Click a Basic book under Templates.
49. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
50. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
51. Click the Add Page button.
52. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
53. Select 'Just Text' template under Basic Pages.
54. Click the Add Page button.
55. Verify the page is added.
56. Enter some text "Add Background Music" in the text box.
57. Click the Hamburger button.
58. Verify the TBT menu opens.
59. Click the More..option under TBT menu.
60. Verify the More..option menu opens.
61. Select the 'Music Tool' checkbox.
62. Verify the Music Tool menu opens.
63. Select 'Start new music..' radio button.
64. Click the 'Choose..' link button.
65. Verify the Open dialog appears.
66. Click the Downloads option.
67. Verify the Downloads folder opens.
68. Select the audio file. (eg., sample.mp3)
69. Click the Open button.
70. Verify the audio file is added under the Music Tool menu.
71. Click the Add Page button.
72. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
73. Select 'Just Text' template under Basic Pages.
74. Click the Add Page button.
75. Verify the page is added.
76. Enter some text "Continuous Music plays" in the text box.
77. Verify 'Continue music from previous page' is selected under the Music Tool menu.
78. Click the Publish tab.
79. Click the Audio or Video button.
80. Verify Publish as Audio or Video view opens.
81. Click the Preview button.
82. Verify the music plays.
83. Enter 'Camera' in the Windows Search bar.
84. Verify Camera app appears.
85. Click the Camera app.
86. Verify the Camera window opens.
87. Click the Settings button.
88. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
89. Verify the 'Framing grid' feature is in OFF state.
90. Click the Back button.
91. Verify the Camera window appears.
92. Click the 'Take Video' button.
93. Verify the video is in the recording mode.
94. Click the Stop button.
95. Click the Close button.
96. Verify the recorded video appears in the Camera Roll folder. (eg., C:\Users\UserName\Pictures\Camera Roll)
97. Click on the Bloom icon from the taskbar.
98. Verify the Bloom application opens.
99. Click the Edit tab.
100. Verify the recorded video appears on the page.
101. Click the Advanced button.
102. Verify the Advanced menu opens.
103. Click the Import button.
104. Verify Open dialog appears.
105. Click the Pictures option from the left pane.
106. Verify the Picture folder opens.
107. Select the recorded (frameless) video.
108. Click the Open button.
109. Verify the (frameless) video appears fully on the page.
110. Click the Publish tab.
111. Click the Audio or Video button.
112. Verify Publish as Audio or Video view opens.
113. Click the Preview button.
114. Verify the video plays.
115. Click the Format combo box under Options.
116. Verify the list box opens.
117. Verify 'MP3 Audio' option is disabled.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the eBook.
3. Delete the Basic book.
4. Close Bloom application.
