---
id: 323
title: "Video Publish Preview chokes on overflowing text"
description: "(231 to 235) Video Publish Preview chokes on overflowing text"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-12
last-modified: 2025-10-09
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download sample mp3 clips from https://samplelib.com/sample-mp3.html (eg., sample-3s, sample-6s)to the Downloads folder.
2. Launch Bloom application
3. Click the Settings button.
4. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
5. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
6. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
7. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
8. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
9. Click the Restart button.
10. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click on the "Basic Book" Template from the Sources For New Book pane.
2. Verify the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button appears on the Right side pane.
3. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify the Edit Pane appears.
5. Click on the Front Cover page from the Edit pane.
6. Verify the Front Cover page appears as Layout on the Right side.
7. Click on the Text box from the right side Layout.
8. Type Title as Test.
9. Click on the "Add Page" button.
10. Verify the "Add Page..." dialog appears.
11. Select the "Custom" Template.
12. Click the ADD PAGE button.
13. Verify the Page is added to the Pages on the left side.
14. Click on the Page.
15. Verify Page layout is displayed on the right side.
16. Verify the Change Layout button is turned on by default.
17. Verify the + button appears with "Picture, Video, or Text" Options.
18. Click on the Text link.
19. Verify the Textbox added.
20. Click on the + button.
21. Verify the "Picture, Video, or Text" Options appear.
22. Click on the Picture link.
23. Verify the Picture box appears.
24. Click on the + button.
25. Verify the "Picture, Video, or Text" Options appear.
26. Click on the Text link.
27. Verify the Textbox added.
28. Click on the + buttonClick on the + button.
29. Verify the "Picture, Video, or Text" Options appear.
30. Click on the Picture link.
31. Verify the Picture box appears.
32. Turn off the Change Layout button.
33. Type "This is the first sentence" in the first text box.
34. Click the Hamburger button.
35. Verify the TBT menu opens.
36. Verify the sentence "This is the first sentence" is highlighted.
37. Click on the Picture pane.
38. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
39. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
40. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
41. Press the Enter key.
42. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
43. Click any of the Car images.
44. Click the OK button.
45. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
46. Enter ‘This is a car’ in the below text box.
47. Click on the fourth box. (ie., another picture pane)
48. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
49. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
50. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
51. Press the Enter key.
52. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
53. Click any of the Car images.
54. Click the OK button.
55. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
56. Click the More..option under TBT menu.
57. Select 'Image Description Tool' checkbox.
58. Verify the Image Description appears over the two picture pane.
59. Click the first ID pane.
60. Enter 'This is for testing' in the text box.
61. Click the second ID pane.
62. Enter 'This is a car' in the text box.
63. Click the TBT option.
64. Verify the first text box gets highlighted.
65. Press and Hold the Speak button.
66. Record 'This is the first sentence'
67. Click the Next button.
68. Verify the text in the ID gets highlighted.
69. Press and Hold the Speak button.
70. Record 'This is for testing'
71. Click the Next button.
72. Verify the text in the third text box gets highlighted.
73. Press and Hold the Speak button.
74. Record 'This is a car'
75. Click the Next button.
76. Verify the text in the ID (fourth) box gets highlighted.
77. Click the Publish tab.
78. Click the Audio or Video button.
79. Verify Publish as Audio or Video page opens.
80. Click the Preview button.
81. Click the Play button.
82. Verify the video along audio plays.
83. Click the Edit tab.
84. Click the 'A5 Portrait' layout option.
85. Verify the list opens.
86. Select 'A5 Landscape' option.
87. Verify the page orientation is changed to landscape mode.
88. Click the Publish tab.
89. Click the Audio or Video button.
90. Verify Publish as Audio or Video page opens.
91. Click the Preview button.
92. Click the Play button.
93. Verify the video along with audio plays.
94. Click the Collections tab.
95. Verify the Collections view opens.
96. Click on the "Basic Book" Template from the Sources For New Book pane.
97. Verify the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button appears on the Right side pane.
98. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
99. Verify the Edit Pane appears.
100. Click on the "Add Page" button.
101. Verify the "Add Page..." dialog appears.
102. Select the "Just Text" Template.
103. Click the ADD PAGE button.
104. Verify the page is added.
105. Enter ‘There once was a boy who grew bored while watching over the village sheep.’ in the text box.
106. Click the Hamburger button.
107. Verify the TBT menu opens.
108. Verify the text is highlighted in the text box.
109. Click the Advanced button.
110. Verify the "By Whole Text Box" radio button selected by default.
111. Verify the "Import Recording..." button is Enabled.
112. Click the "Import Recording..." button.
113. Verify the "Choose Audio File" dialog appears.
114. Select the audio file recorded with Stereo Recording.
115. Click the Open button.
116. Verify the "Choose Audio File" dialog box closes.
117. Click the Publish tab.
118. Click the Audio or Video button.
119. Verify Publish as Audio or Video page opens.
120. Click the Preview button.
121. Click the Play button.
122. Verify the text along with audio plays.
123. Click the close button.
124. Verify Bloom closes.
125. Download the sample book from the given link : "https://bloomlibrary.org/bible/GRN-Look-Listen-Live/GRN-deviceportraitEngOnly/book/fAmoeqafOv"
126. Verify the book opens in the Bloom application.
127. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
128. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
129. Click the Publish tab.
130. Click the Audio or Video button.
131. Verify Publish as Audio or Video page opens.
132. Click the Preview button.
133. Click the Play button.
134. Verify that the video preview scrolls automatically as needed while the Talking Book is being read.
135. Click the Publish tab.
136. Click the Audio or Video button.
137. Verify Publish as Audio or Video page opens.
138. Click the Preview button.
139. Click the Play button.
140. Click the close button.
141. Verify Bloom closes.
142. Download the sample book from the given link : "https://bloomlibrary.org/EFL-education-for-life-org/EFL-EducationforLife2/book/Sij1FAIrD7"
143. Verify the book opens in the Bloom application.
144. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
145. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
146. Click the Publish tab.
147. Click the Audio or Video button.
148. Verify Publish as Audio or Video page opens.
149. Click the Preview button.
150. Click the language chooser button in the book preview.
151. Select 'Tok Pisin'
152. Click the Play button.
153. Verify the audio plays the correct language.
154. Click the Preview button.
155. Click the language chooser button in the book preview.
156. Verify the 'English' language is selected by default.
157. Click the Play button.
158. Verify the audio plays the correct language.
159. Click the close button.
160. Verify Bloom closes.
161. Download the sample book from the given link : "https://bloomlibrary.org/bible/GRN-Look-Listen-Live/GRN-deviceportraitEngOnly/book/aF4fPFed7T"
162. Verify the book opens in the Bloom application.
163. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
164. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
165. Click the Publish tab.
166. Click the Audio or Video button.
167. Verify Publish as Audio or Video page opens.
168. Click the Preview button.
169. Click the Play button.
170. Verify the preview does not choke.
171. Click the Format combo box under Options.
172. Select 'Feature Phone'option.
173. Click the Preview button.
174. Click the Play button.
175. Verify the preview does not choke.
176. Click the Format combo box under Options.
177. Select 'YouTube'option.
178. Click the Preview button.
179. Click the Play button.
180. Verify the preview does not choke.
181. Click the Format combo box under Options.
182. Select 'MP3 Audio'option.
183. Click the Preview button.
184. Click the Play button.
185. Verify the preview does not choke.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete sample mp3 clips from the Downloads folder.
3. Delete the Basic book.
4. Delete the Sample books.
5. Close Bloom application.
