---
id: 324
title: "Sign Language Book"
description: "(236) Test case for Sign Language Book"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-12
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Connect Webcam to the Computer.
2. Launch Bloom application
3. Click the Settings button.
4. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
5. Click the 'Set' link button under the languages tab.
6. Verify Choose Language dialog opens.
7. Enter 'sign' in the search box.
8. Verify American Sign language bar appears.
9. Select the American Sign language bar.
10. Click the OK button.
11. Verify American Sign Language is added under Sign Language.
12. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
13. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
14. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
15. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
16. Click the Restart button.
17. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click on the "Sign Language" Template under Specialized Templates heading.
2. Verify the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button appears on the Right side pane.
3. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify the Edit Pane appears.
5. Enter 'Sign Language Book' in the Front Cover title box.
6. Click on the "Add Page" button.
7. Verify the "Add Page..." dialog appears.
8. Select the "Big Text Digit" Template from Sign Language.
9. Click the ADD PAGE button.
10. Verify the page is added in the Edit view.
11. Verify a warning message appears on the edit view.
12. Click 'Allow' button
13. Verify the Sign Language tool appears on the rightmost pane..
14. Click the Record button from the Sign Language tool.
15. Verify that the recording begins.
16. Click the Stop button.
17. Verify that the recording is stopped.
18. Verify the recorded video appears on the Video Overlay on the page.
19. Hover the mouse over the video overlay.
20. Verify Play button appears.
21. Click the Play button on the Video overlay.
22. Verify that the recorded video plays.
23. Click the 'Change Image' button on the image overlay.
24. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
25. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
26. Press the Enter key.
27. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
28. Click any of the Car images.
29. Click the OK button.
30. Verify the Car image appears on the image overlay.
31. Enter ‘This is a Car’ in the text box.
32. Click the TBT option.
33. Verify the TBT menu opens.
34. Verify the text in the text box is highlighted.
35. Press and Hold the Speak button.
36. Record ‘This is a Car’
37. Release the Speak button.
38. Verify the Check button is enabled.
39. Click the Check button.
40. Verify the Audio plays.
41. Click on the Publish menu.
42. Verify the Publish pane appears.
43. Click on the Audio or Video button.
44. Verify the Publish as Audio or Video page appears.
45. Select Facebook format under Options heading. (this steps is not required if it is already selected)
46. Click the Preview button.
47. Click the Play button.
48. Verify the book appears in landscape mode.
49. Verify the Video plays first.
50. Verify the Audio plays after the Video.
51. Click the RECORD button.
52. Verify the Record in Progress window appears.
53. Verify that the Processing video dialog box shows up when the recording is finished.
54. Click the Close button.
55. Verify the Processing video dialog closes.
56. Click the PLAY RECORDING button.
57. Verify the Video plays in the media player.
58. Verify that the video preview runs smoothly without freezing, buffering or crashing.
59. Verify the audio plays the appropriate sounds.
60. Click the SAVE button.
61. Verify the Save As dialog appears.
62. Click the SAVE button.
63. Verify the book saved on the computer.
64. Select Youtube format under Options heading.
65. Click the Preview button.
66. Click the Play button.
67. Verify the book appears in landscape mode.
68. Click the RECORD button.
69. Verify the Record in Progress window appears.
70. Verify that the Processing video dialog box shows up when the recording is finished.
71. Click the Close button.
72. Verify the Processing video dialog closes.
73. Click the PLAY RECORDING button.
74. Verify the Video plays in the media player.
75. Verify that the video preview runs smoothly without freezing, buffering or crashing.
76. Verify the audio plays the appropriate sounds.
77. Click the SAVE button.
78. Verify the Save As dialog appears.
79. Click the SAVE button.
80. Verify the book saved on the computer.
81. Select MP3 Audio format under Options heading.
82. Click the Preview button.
83. Click the Play button.
84. Click the RECORD button.
85. Verify the Record in Progress window appears.
86. Verify that the Processing video dialog box shows up when the recording is finished.
87. Click the Close button.
88. Verify the Processing video dialog closes.
89. Click the PLAY RECORDING button.
90. Verify the no Video appears  in the media player.
91. Verify the audio plays the appropriate sounds.
92. Click the SAVE button.
93. Verify the Save As dialog appears.
94. Click the SAVE button.
95. Verify the book saved as a .MP3 file  in the computer.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Disconnect the WebCam from the computer.
2. Delete the Subscription Code.
3. Delete the Sign Language book.
4. Close Bloom application.
