---
id: 325
title: "Motion books (try portrait and landscape). Ensure smooth transition between page"
description: "(237,238) Motion books (try portrait and landscape). Ensure smooth transition between pages"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-12
last-modified: 2025-09-23
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Click the Settings button.
2. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
3. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
4. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
5. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
6. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
7. Click the Restart button.
8. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Download an IMS motion (111 The Man with Leprosy) from the given link: https://bloomlibrary.org/bible/ims-motionbook-templates/book/QfBxcDTPDu?lang=en
2. Verify the book opens in the Bloom application.
3. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button.
4. Verify book opens in the edit view.
5. Verify the book appears in Portrait layout (ie.,Device 16x9 Portrait).
6. Click the Publish tab.
7. Click the 'Audio or Video' button.
8. Verify Publish as Audio or Video page opens.
9. Click the Preview button.
10. Verify the book appears in the Preview pane. (in landscape mode which is good)
11. Click the Play button.
12. Verify there should not be any 'unhappy' face icon appearing at the end of the page.
13. Click the RECORD button.
14. Verify the video plays on a video player.
15. Verify there is a smooth transition between the pages.
16. Verify Processing Video dialog appears.
17. Click the Close button.
18. Verify Play Recording button appears.
19. Click the Save button.
20. Verify the Save As dialog appears.
21. Click the Save button.
22. Verify the Book is saved as a Video file.
23. Click an eBook thumbnail under Templates.
24. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button.
25. Verify book opens in the edit view.
26. Enter 'Unsafe ~!@#$%^&amp;*()_-+={}[]|\:;"'<>.?/"' in the Front Cover title box.
27. Click the Publish tab.
28. Click the 'Audio or Video' button.
29. Verify Publish as Audio or Video page opens.
30. Click the Preview button.
31. Verify the book appears in the Preview pane.
32. Verify the Book title appears on the Preview pane.
33. Click the RECORD button.
34. Verify the video plays on a video player.
35. Verify Processing Video dialog appears.
36. Click the Close button.
37. Click the Save button.
38. Verify the Save As dialog appears.
39. Click the Save button.
40. Verify the Book is saved as a Video file.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete ‘111 The Man with Leprosy’ book.
3. Delete the eBook.
4. Close Bloom application.
