---
id: 326
title: "Check that uploaded videos look correct in desktop and mobile, Facebook and YouTube"
description: "(239) Check that uploaded videos look correct in desktop and mobile, Facebook and YouTube"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-12
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Close button of the Bloom window.
2. Verify the Bloom closes.
3. Download the Book (Bruno I wari long COVID-19 lok daon)  from the given link :https://bloomlibrary.org/talking-books/book/5B87hNsQRt?lang=bi .
4. Verify that the book opens in the Bloom Editor.
5. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
6. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
7. Verify the page layout appears in ‘16x9 Portrait’ layout.
8. Click the Publish tab.
9. Click the Audio or Video button.
10. Select 'Facebook' format under Options heading.
11. Click the Preview button.
12. Click the Play button.
13. Verify the Video appears correctly on the page.
14. Verify the Audio plays correctly.
15. Verify the top and bottom of the page should not be cut off.
16. Click the Edit tab.
17. Click on the Page size Orientation dropdown list box. (in the toolbar)
18. Verify the list box opens.
19. Select "16x9 Landscape" layout.
20. Verify the page layout is changed to '16x9 Landscape' Landscape layout.
21. Click the Publish tab.
22. Click the Audio or Video button.
23. Click the Preview button.
24. Click the Play button.
25. Verify the Video appears correctly on the page.
26. Verify the Audio plays correctly.
27. Verify the top and bottom of the page should not be cut off.
28. Click the Edit tab.
29. Click on the Page size Orientation dropdown list box. (in the toolbar)
30. Verify the list box opens.
31. Select "A5 Portrait" layout.
32. Verify the page layout is changed to ‘A5 Portrait’ layout.
33. Click the Publish tab.
34. Click the Audio or Video button.
35. Click the Preview button.
36. Click the Play button.
37. Verify the Video appears correctly on the page.
38. Verify the Audio plays correctly.
39. Verify the top and bottom of the page should not be cut off.
40. Select 'YouTube' format under Options heading.
41. Click the Preview button.
42. Click the Play button.
43. Verify the Video appears correctly on the page.
44. Verify the Audio plays correctly.
45. Verify the top and bottom of the page should not be cut off.
46. Click the Edit tab.
47. Click on the Page size Orientation dropdown list box. (in the toolbar)
48. Verify the list box opens.
49. Select "16x9 Portrait" layout.
50. Verify the page layout is changed to ‘16x9 Portrait’ layout.
51. Click the Publish tab.
52. Click the Audio or Video button.
53. Click the Preview button.
54. Click the Play button.
55. Verify the Video appears correctly on the page.
56. Verify the Audio plays correctly.
57. Verify the top and bottom of the page should not be cut off.
58. Click the Edit tab.
59. Click on the Page size Orientation dropdown list box. (in the toolbar)
60. Verify the list box opens.
61. Select "16x9 Layout" layout.
62. Verify the page layout is changed to ‘16x9 Layout’ layout.
63. Click the Publish tab.
64. Click the Audio or Video button.
65. Click the Preview button.
66. Click the Play button.
67. Verify the Video appears correctly on the page.
68. Verify the Audio plays correctly.
69. Verify the top and bottom of the page should not be cut off.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Basic book.
3. Close Bloom application.
