---
id: 327
title: "Publishing under a Windows user account containing a space"
description: "(240) Test Publishing under a Windows user account containing a space"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-12
last-modified: 2025-10-29
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Connect the Webcam to the computer.
2. Start Windows X OS.
3. Enter the user name (which has a space between the name) in the User Name box. (eg., Rajib Mitra)
4. Press the Enter key.
5. Enter the password in the Password text box.
6. Verify the Windows desktop opens.
7. Launch Bloom application.
8. Click the Settings button.
9. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
10. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
11. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
12. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
13. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
14. Click the Restart button.
15. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click an eBook under Templates.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
4. Click the Add Page button.
5. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
6. Select "Just Video" under Sign Language Pages.
7. Click the Add Page button.
8. Verify 'Use your cameras' dialog open.
9. Click the 'Allow' button.
10. Verify the web camera is ON.
11. Click the Record button under the Sign Language Tool menu.
12. Verify the recording starts.
13. Click the Stop button after a few seconds.
14. Click the Publish tab.
15. Click the Audio or Video button.
16. Verify Publish as Audio or Video page opens.
17. Verify 'Facebook' format appears by default under Options.
18. Click the Preview button.
19. Verify Creating Digital Book dialog flashes on the screen.
20. Click the Play button.
21. Verify the Video plays in the Preview pane.
22. Click the RECORD button.
23. Verify Recording in Progress..dialog appears with the Video.
24. Verify Recording in Progress..dialog closes after a few seconds.
25. Verify the Processing Video dialog appears with the finish message.
26. Click the Close button.
27. Verify the Processing Video dialog closes.
28. Click the Play Recording button.
29. Verify the Video plays in the Media player.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Disconnect the Webcam from the computer.
2. Delete the Subscription code.
3. Delete the eBook.
4. Close Bloom application.
