---
id: 328
title: "Change Windows Regional format / culture to one which uses commas rather than periods for separating decimal points"
description: "(241) Change your Windows Regional format / culture to one which uses commas rather than periods for separating decimal points"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-12
last-modified: 2025-10-07
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Connect the Webcam to the computer.
2. Press Windows+I keys.
3. Verify the Settings app opens.
4. Click on the "Time & Language" option.
5. Click "Region" from the left sidebar.
6. Verify "Regional format" appears on the right pane.
7. Click the "Additional date,time&regional settings" link button. (under Related settings)
8. Click the "Change date,time,or number formats" link button under Region.
9. Verify Region dialog opens.
10. Click the Format drop down list.
11. Selet "Germany(Germany)" Format.
12. Click the Additional settings button.
13. Verify Decimal symbol appears with "," comma.
14. Verify Digit grouping symbol appears with "." period.
15. Click the OK button.
16. Click the Apply button in the Region dialog.
17. Click the OK button.
18. Verify the Region dialog closes.
19. Launch Bloom application.
20. Click the Settings button.
21. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
22. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
23. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
24. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
25. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
26. Click the Restart button.
27. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click an eBook under Templates.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
4. Click the Add Page button.
5. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
6. Select "Just Video" under Sign Language Pages.
7. Click the Add Page button.
8. Verify 'Use your cameras' dialog open.
9. Click the 'Allow' button.
10. Verify the web camera is ON.
11. Click the Record button under the Sign Language Tool menu.
12. Verify the recording starts.
13. Click the Stop button after a few seconds.
14. Click the Publish tab.
15. Click the Audio or Video button.
16. Verify Publish as Audio or Video page opens.
17. Set 'Feature Phone' Format under Options.
18. Click the Preview button.
19. Verify "Creating Digital book" dialog flashes on the screen.
20. Verify the preview appears on the Preview pane.
21. Click the Play button.
22. Verify the video plays in the preview pane.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Disconnect the Webcam from the computer.
2. Delete the Subscription code.
3. Delete the eBook.
4. Remove the Additional date,time&regional settings in Windows.
5. Close Bloom application.
