---
id: 329
title: "Check videos put on a feature phone look right, sound right. Test at least A5, 16x9, portrait, landscape"
description: "(242)Check videos put on a feature phone look right, sound right. Test at least A5, 16x9, portrait, landscape"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-12
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download Sample Video and audio file from the given link : https://samplelib.com/sample-mp4.html  into the Downloads folder.
2. Launch Bloom application
3. Click the Settings button.
4. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
5. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
6. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
7. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
8. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
9. Click the Restart button.
10. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Basic Book under Templates in the Collections view.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears on the preview pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
5. Enter 'Sample Book' on the Front cover title box.
6. Click the Credits Page.
7. Verify the Copyright and License dialog opens.
8. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
9. Click the OK button.
10. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
11. Click the Add Page button.
12. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
13. Click 'Just a Picture’ template.
14. Click the Add Page button.
15. Verify the 'Just a Picture' page is added.
16. Click the Hamburger button.
17. Verify TBT menu opens.
18. Click the More..option button.
19. Verify the More option menu opens.
20. Select Overlay Tool checkbox.
21. Verify Overlay Tool menu opens.
22. Drag a Video overlay into the page.
23. Verify an option tool appears under Video overlay.
24. Click the ellipse button.
25. Verify an option menu appears.
26. Click the "Choose video from your computer" option.
27. Verify Open dialog appears.
28. Click the Downloads option (from the left pane)
29. Verify the Downloads dialog opens.
30. Select the Sample video.
31. Click the Open button.
32. Verify Video appears on the Video overlay.
33. Verify the page layout size 'A5 Portrait'.
34. Click the Publish tab.
35. Click the Audio or Video button.
36. Select 'Feature Phone' format under Options heading.
37. Click the Preview button.
38. Click the Play button.
39. Verify the Video appears correctly on the page.
40. Verify the Audio plays correctly.
41. Click the Edit tab.
42. Click on the Page size Orientation dropdown list box. (in the toolbar)
43. Verify the list box opens.
44. Select "16x9 Portrait" layout.
45. Verify the page layout is changed to '16x9 Portrait' Portrait layout.
46. Click the Publish tab.
47. Click the Audio or Video button.
48. Click the Preview button.
49. Click the Play button.
50. Verify the Video appears correctly on the page.
51. Verify the Audio plays correctly
52. Click the Edit tab.
53. Click on the Page size Orientation dropdown list box. (in the toolbar)
54. Verify the list box opens.
55. Select "16x9 Landscape" layout.
56. Verify the page layout is changed to '16x9 Landscape' Landscape layout.
57. Click the Publish tab.
58. Click the Audio or Video button.
59. Click the Preview button.
60. Click the Play button.
61. Verify the Video appears correctly on the page.
62. Verify the Audio plays correctly.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Sample book.
3. Close Bloom application.
