---
id: 33
title: "Copyright and License information"
description: "est case for Copyright and License information"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-09
last-modified: 2025-09-15
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the “Basic Book” under the “Templates” area
2. Verify that the  “Basic Book” template is displayed in the "Right pane"
3. Click the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button
4. Verify that the book opens in the "Edit" mode
5. Click the “Credits Page” in the “Pages” pane
6. Verify that the “Credits Page” opens in the right pane
7. Click on the "Needs Copyright" button in the “Credits Page”
8. Verify the “Copyright and License” dialog opens
9. Type “Tester” in the “Copyright Holder” field
10. Click the License tab
11. Verify that the license information is displayed
12. Click the radio button for “Anyone can use it however they want.”
13. Verify that the “PUBLIC DOMAIN” badge is displayed in the top right corner on the dialog
14. Click the “OK” button
15. Verify the "Public Domain" logo appears with a message "You can copy, modify, and distribute this work.." on the “Credits Page”
16. Click the “Click to Edit Copyright & License” button
17. Verify that the “Copyright & License” dialog box opens.
18. Click the “LICENSE” tab.
19. Verify that the license information is displayed.
20. Click the radio button for “Everyone is allowed to:”
21. Verify that the “CC BY” badge is displayed in the top right corner on the dialog
22. Click the “OK” button
23. Verify that the "CC logo" appears with a message "You are free to make commercial use of this work.." on the “Credits Page”
24. Click the “Click to Edit Copyright & License” button
25. Verify that the “Copyright & License” dialog box opens.
26. Click the “LICENSE” tab.
27. Verify that the license information is displayed.
28. Click the radio button for “No one can modify or copy it without explicit permission.."”
29. Verify that the “All Right Reserved” badge is displayed in the top right corner on the dialog
30. Click the “OK” button
31. Verify that the message "For permission to reuse, contact the copyright holder" appears on the “Credits Page”
32. Click the “Click to Edit Copyright & License” button
33. Verify that the “Copyright & License” dialog box opens.
34. Click the “LICENSE” tab.
35. Verify that the license information is displayed.
36. Click the radio button for "Other"
37. Enter a text "Private Book" on the text box below the "Other" radio button
38. Click the “OK” button
39. Verify that the message "Private Book" appears on the “Credits Page”

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic book.
2. Close the Bloom application.
