---
id: 330
title: "Check the functionality of Advanced Section in Talking Book Tool"
description: "(520) Test case to check the functionality of Advanced Section in Talking Book Tool"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-12
last-modified: 2025-09-15
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Click the Add page button.
6. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
7. Select 'Just Text' template.
8. Click the Add page button.
9. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
10. Enter ‘There once was a boy who grew bored while watching over the village sheep. He wanted to make things more exciting..’ in the text pane.
11. Click the Hamburger button.
12. Verify the TBT menu opens.
13. Verify the text is highlighted on the page.
14. Click the Advanced button.
15. Select 'By Whole Text Box' option.
16. Verify the entire paragraph is highlighted.
17. Press and hold the Speak button.
18. Record "There once was a boy who grew bored while watching over the village sheep. He wanted to make things more exciting. ".
19. Release the Speak button.
20. Verify the Check button is enabled.
21. Click the Check button.
22. Verify 'Adjust Timings..' button enabled.
23. Click the Adjust Timings.. button.
24. Verify 'Adjust Timings..' dialog opens.
25. Verify there is a vertical red bar which splits the two sentences.
26. Click the OK button.
27. Verify the highlighted paragraph color is changed from orange to blue.
28. Click the Adjust Timings.. button.
29. Verify 'Adjust Timings..' dialog opens.
30. Click More option.
31. Verify More option menu appears.
32. Click 'Edit Timings File..' option.
33. Verify 'localhost:8089 says..' dialog appears.
34. Click the OK button.
35. Verify the timing details open in the Notepad.
36. Edit the timing from 0.000 to 1.0000 in the first row.
37. Click the File menu.
38. Verify the file menu opens.
39. Click the Save button.
40. Click the Close button.
41. Verify Notepad application closes.
42. Click the Play button.
43. Verify the changes made in the file should be reflected in the audio.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Basic book.
3. Close Bloom application.
