---
id: 332
title: "New book preview does not respond to changing UI language"
description: "(653) New book preview does not respond to changing UI language"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-12
last-modified: 2025-09-23
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click ‘The Moon and the Cap’ Shell book.
2. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button.
3. Verify book opens in the edit view.
4. Click the Collections tab.
5. Click the ‘The Moon and the Cap’ book thumbnail under Book Collections.
6. Verify EDIT THIS BOOK button appears on the right pane.
7. Click the UI language option which appears at the top right corner of the page.
8. Verify the UI language menu opens.
9. Select 'espanol' language.
10. Verify that the UI language is changed to Spanish.
11. Verify 'EDIT THIS BOOK' UI language is changed to Spanish.
12. Verify all the tabs (Collections, Edit and Publish) language UI is changed to Spanish.
13. Click the 'EDIT THIS BOOK' button.
14. Verify the Edit view opens.
15. Click the Hamburger button.
16. Verify the TBT menu opens.
17. Verify the TBT menu UI language is changed to Spanish.
18. Click the More..(also changed to Spanish)option.
19. Verify all the menu names are changed to Spanish.
20. Click the Publish tab.
21. Click the BloomPUB button.
22. Verify 'Publicar como BloomPUB' view opens. (UI changes to spanish)
23. Verify the label names are changed to Spanish.
24. Click the UI language option which appears at the top right corner of the page.
25. Verify the UI language menu opens.
26. Select 'English' language.
27. Verify that the UI language is changed to English.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete ‘The Moon and the Cap’ Book.
2. Close Bloom application.
