---
id: 333
title: "Add a bubble with the tip that goes to a corner of the image box"
description: "(340) Add a bubble with the tip that goes to a corner of the image box"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-12
last-modified: 2025-09-23
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Click the Settings button.
2. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
3. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
4. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
5. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
6. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
7. Click the Restart button.
8. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button.
3. Verify book opens in the edit view.
4. Click the Add page button.
5. Verify the Add page dialog opens.
6. Click the 'Just a Picture’ template.
7. Click the Add page button.
8. Verify that the page is added.
9. Click the Hamburger button.
10. Verify the TBT menu opens.
11. Click the More..option which appears at the bottom of the menu.
12. Verify the More..menu opens.
13. Select ‘Overlay Tool’ check box.
14. Verify Overlay Tool menu opens.
15. Click on the Speech bubble under the Overlay Tool menu.
16. Drag and drop the Speech bubble on the Image box.
17. Verify the Speech bubble appears on the Image box.
18. Click on the Image box.
19. Click the tail of the Image box.
20. Drag it towards the edge of the image box.
21. Verify the Speech bubble tail touches the edge of the image box.
22. Turn on the 'Change Layout' toggle switch.
23. Click the + button.
24. Click the 'Text' link button.
25. Verify the Text Box is added.
26. Click the + button.
27. Click the 'Picture' link button.
28. Verify the Picture box is added.
29. Turn off the 'Change Layout' toggle switch.
30. Verify the tail of the speech bubble still touches the edge of the image box.

**Cleanup Step**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Basic book.
3. Close Bloom application.
