---
id: 334
title: "Copy styles from Word document and paste into Bloom"
description: "(300) Copy styles from Word document and paste into Bloom"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-12
last-modified: 2025-09-23
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download the problem book from the given link : https://s3.amazonaws.com/bloom-problem-books/BL-4699.zip
2. Extract the zip file into a New Folder.
3. Copy ‘ Samaliyagɨ bhɛmɔ zɨzagɨ lɨ mbuli’ folder.
4. Click the 'Other Collection' button.
5. Verify 'Open/Create Collections' dialog opens.
6. Click the 'Create New Collection' button.
7. Verify 'Create New Bloom Collection'  dialog opens.
8. Enter 'mfc' in the Search box.
9. Verify Mbani language bar appears.
10. Select Mbani language bar.
11. Click the Next button.
12. Verify Font and Script view appears.
13. Click the Next button.
14. Verify Give Language Location view appears.
15. Click the Next button.
16. Verify 'Mbani Books' appear as Collection Name.
17. Click the Next button.
18. Verify 'Ready to create New collection' pane appears.
19. Click the Finish button.
20. Verify a new collection 'Mbani Books' appears on the Collections view.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Basic book.
2. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button.
3. Verify book opens in the edit view.
4. Click the Collections tab.
5. Right click on the Basic book thumbnail.
6. Verify an option menu opens.
7. Click Show in File Explorer option.
8. Verify the File Explorer window opens.
9. Paste the ’ Samaliyagɨ bhɛmɔ zɨzagɨ lɨ mbuli’ folder.
10. Close the Window.
11. Relaunch Bloom application.
12. Verify ‘Samaliyagɨ bhɛmɔ zɨzagɨ lɨ mbuli’ book appears under book collection.
13. Click the book thumbnail.
14. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
15. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
16. Click Page 8 thumbnail.
17. Verify Page 8 opens on the edit view.
18. Paste ‘bhine’ into the page just before Samaliyagɨ on the second line.
19. Enter a Space key.
20. Enter ; Semi colon.
21. Click before Semi color.
22. Press Backspace key.
23. Verify pressing the backspace key should delete the space.
24. Click Page 7.
25. Click Page 8.
26. Verify the deleted space should not reappear after the navigation.
27. Click the Close button of the Bloom Window.
28. Verify Bloom closes.
29. Enter the given link : https://drive.google.com/file/d/1RDzccw4XYvRKse2H_FqbD735w-MhduTq/view in browser window. (Needs developer’s approval)
30. Verify a Word document opens.
31. Copy from “The number here ..is superscript ..’ upto ‘2. Numbered List..’
32. Relaunch Bloom application.
33. Click the Basic book.
34. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button.
35. Verify book opens in the edit view.
36. Click the Add page button.
37. Verify the Add page dialog opens.
38. Click the 'Just text’ template.
39. Click the Add page button.
40. Verify that the page is added.
41. Click on the text box.
42. Press Ctrl+V.
43. Verify all the formatted texts are pasted correctly on the text box.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic book.
2. Close Bloom application.
