---
id: 335
title: "Create an Arabic collection and type in arabic letters (set windows language to Arabic)"
description: "(431) Create an Arabic collection and type in arabic letters (set windows language to Arabic)"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-12
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setups Steps**

1. Click the 'Other Collection' button.
2. Verify 'Open/Create Collections' dialog opens.
3. Click the 'Create New Collection' button.
4. Verify 'Create New Bloom Collection'  dialog opens.
5. Enter 'Arabic' in the Search box.
6. Verify Arabic language bar appears.
7. Click the Arabic language bar.
8. Verify 'Arabic' script box appears.
9. Click the 'Arabic' script box.
10. Click the Next button.
11. Verify Font and Script view appears.
12. Select the Check box near 'This script is written right to left like Arabic, Hebrew, and Urdu'
13. Click the Next button.
14. Verify Give Language Location view appears.
15. Click the Next button.
16. Verify 'العربية Books' appear as Collection Name.
17. Click the Next button.
18. Verify 'Ready to create New collection' pane appears.
19. Click the Finish button.
20. Verify a new collection 'العربية Books' appears on the Collections view.
21. Click the Settings button.
22. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
23. Click the Book Making tab.
24. Click 'Special Script Settings..'link under Default Font for Arabic.
25. Verify Special Script Settings dialog opens.
26. Verify 'This script is written right to left..' check box is selected.
27. Click the Default Font Size combo box.
28. Select 26 (font size).
29. Click the OK button.
30. Verify Special Script Settings dialog closes.
31. Click the OK button.
32. Verify the Settings dialog closes.
33. Enter 'Language Settings' in Windows Search bar. (from the windows taskbar)
34. Click the Language Settings option.
35. Verify Language Settings window opens.
36. Click Add a Language button.(under Preferred languages)
37. Verify 'Choose a language to install' dialog opens.
38. Enter 'Arabic' in the search bar.
39. Select any Arabic languages. (eg., Arabic (Bahrain).
40. Click the Next button.
41. Verify Install language features dialog opens.
42. Select 'Set as my Windows display language' check box.
43. Click the Install button.
44. Verify the Downloading..progress bar appears.
45. Verify language is installed and appears as the first language under Preferred languages.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Decodable Reader in Bloom application.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears on the right pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button
4. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
5. Click the Add page button.
6. Verify the Add page dialog appears.
7. Select the ‘Basic Text & Picture’ template.
8. Click the Add page button.
9. Verify the Basic Text & Picture page is added.
10. Click on the text box.
11. Verify the cursor appears on the right side of the text box.
12. Change the windows language from English to Arabic.
13. Type some letters like 'abcdef' (which is changed to arabic) in the text box.
14. Press the Enter key.
15. Type some letters like 'lkjiklk' in the text box.
16. Click the Setup Stages link.
17. Verify the Setup Decodable Reader Tool dialog opens.
18. Enter some letters 'abced' (which is changed to arabic) in the New Sight Words text box.
19. Click the OK button.
20. Verify the Stage x of x appears.
21. Verify there is no scroll bar appearing under Letters in this stage heading. (under Stage x of x) heading.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Decodable Reader book.
2. Uninstall Arabic Language from Windows Language settings.
3. Close Bloom application.
