---
id: 336
title: "Check \"Make Reader Template BloomPack\" (RTB)"
description: "(432) Check \"Make Reader Template BloomPack\" (RTB)"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-12
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Click the 'Other Collection' button.
2. Verify 'Open/Create Collections' dialog opens.
3. Click the 'Create New Collection' button.
4. Verify 'Create New Bloom Collection'  dialog opens.
5. Enter 'English' in the Search box.
6. Verify the English language bar appears.
7. Click the English language bar.
8. Click the Next button.
9. Verify Font and Script view appears.
10. Click the Next button.
11. Verify Give Language Location view appears.
12. Click the Next button.
13. Verify 'English Special Template Books''appear as Collection Name.
14. Click the Next button.
15. Verify 'Ready to create New collection' pane appears.
16. Click the Finish button.
17. Verify a new collection 'English Special Template Books'' appears on the Collections view.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Decodable Reader under Specialized Templates.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears on the right pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button
4. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
5. Enter 'Stage 1 Book' in the Front Cover title box.
6. Click the Add page button.
7. Verify the Add page dialog appears.
8. Select the Just Text template.
9. Click the Add page button.
10. Verify the book is added.
11. Enter 'This is for testing purpose' in the text page.
12. Verify the words get highlighted.
13. Verify Stage 1 of 1 appears under the Decodable Reader Tool menu.
14. Click the Collection tab.
15. Verify the Collections view appears.
16. Click the Decodable Reader under Specialized Templates.
17. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears on the right pane.
18. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button
19. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
20. Enter 'Stage 2 Book' in the Front Cover title box.
21. Click the Add page button.
22. Verify the Add page dialog appears.
23. Select the Just Text template.
24. Click the Add page button.
25. Verify the book is added.
26. Enter 'This is for testing purpose' in the text page.
27. Verify the words get highlighted.
28. Verify Stage 1 of 1 appears under the Decodable Reader Tool menu.
29. Click the Setup Stages link under the Decodable Reader Tool menu.
30. Verify Setup Decodable Reader Tool menu opens.
31. Enter 'Test' in the New Sight Word text box.
32. Click the Add Stage link button.
33. Enter 'purpose' in the New Sight Word text box.
34. Click the OK button.
35. Verify Stage 1 of 2 appears.
36. Click the Next > button near Stage 1 of 2.
37. Verify the word 'purpose' not highlighted.
38. Click the Collections tab.
39. Verify the Collections view appears.
40. Click the Leveled Reader under Specialized templates.
41. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears on the right pane.
42. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button
43. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
44. Enter 'Level 2 Book' in the Front Cover title box.
45. Click the Add page button.
46. Verify the Add page dialog appears.
47. Select the Just Text template.
48. Click the Add page button.
49. Verify the book is added.
50. Enter 'Leveled Reader book' in the text page.
51. Verify all the words are highlighted.
52. Click the Next (>) button near "Level 1 of 6'.
53. Verify Level 2 of 6 appears
54. Verify no words are highlighted.
55. Click the Collection tab.
56. Verify the Collections view appears.
57. Click the Leveled Reader under Specialized templates.
58. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears on the right pane.
59. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button
60. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
61. Enter 'Level 3 Book' in the Front Cover title box.
62. Click the Add page button.
63. Verify the Add page dialog appears.
64. Select the Just Text template.
65. Click the Add page button.
66. Verify the book is added.
67. Enter 'This is a Leveled Reader ' in the text page.
68. Verify all the words are highlighted.
69. Click the Next (>) button near "Level 1 of 6'.
70. Verify Level 2 of 6 appears.
71. Verify no words are highlighted.
72. Click the Next (>) button near “Level 2 of 6”
73. Verify Level 3 of 6 appears.
74. Verify no words are highlighted.
75. Click the Collection tab.
76. Verify the Collections view appears.
77. Verify there are 2 Decodable Reader books and 2 Leveled Reader books appearing under book collection.
78. Click the triangle button near the Book Collection name. (eg., English Special Template Books')
79. Verify a context menu opens.
80. Click 'Make a Reader Template Bloom Pack...' option.
81. Verify Make a Reader Template Bloom Pack dialog opens.
82. Select the check box near 'I understand what a template..'
83. Click the 'Save Bloom Pack' button.
84. Verify Save As dialog opens.
85. Click the Save button.
86. Verify the BloomPack file is saved.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Decodable Reader book.
2. Delete the Leveled Reader book.
3. Close Bloom application.
