---
id: 337
title: "Decodable and Leveled Reader Settings (RTB)"
description: "(433) Test case for Decodable and Leveled Reader Settings (RTB) Cleanup any residue (so it's like your computer wasn't the one used to make the RTB). Install RTB. A new DR/LR should see the decodable and leveled reader settings, including sample words, allowed words and texts."
issues: []
created: 2024-11-12
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setups Steps**

1. Remove any files, settings, or data that were left behind by the previous installation or creation of the RTB .
2. Verify an existing .BloomPack file (English Special Template Books'.BloomPack)) appears in the computer. (in Documents folder)
3. Double click on the .BloomPack file (eg., English Special Template Books'.BloomPack). (eg., from the Documents folder)
4. Verify 'Bloom Pack Installation' dialog appears
5. Click the OK button.
6. Verify the Bloom application opens.
7. Verify the RTB book (eg.,'English Special Template Books’) appears in the lower left pane of the Collections view.
8. Verify a set of Decodable and Leveled Reader books appears under RTB Book name. (eg., English Special Template Books)

**Action Steps**

1. Click on the Decodable Reader book. (eg., Stage 1 Book)
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears.
3. Click on MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
5. Click Page 1.
6. Verify the sample words appear on the rightmost pane..
7. Verify the decodable settings shows Stage x of x under the Decodable Reader Tool menu.
8. Click the Collection tab.
9. Verify the Collections view appears.
10. Click on the Leveled Reader book. (eg., Level 2 Book)
11. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears.
12. Click on MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
13. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
14. Click Page 1.
15. Verify the sample words appear on the rightmost pane..
16. Click the Setup Levels link.
17. Verify Setup Leveled Reader Tool dialog opens.
18. Verify it shows the Allowed words details.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the RTB (DR/LR) book.
2. Close Bloom application.
