---
id: 338
title: "Check a new decodable book from one of the templates"
description: "(434) Check a new decodable book from one of the templates"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-12
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Remove any files, settings, or data that were left behind by the previous installation or creation of the RTB .
2. Verify an existing .BloomPack file (English Special Template Books'.BloomPack)) appears in the computer. (in Documents folder)
3. Double click on the .BloomPack file (eg., English Special Template Books'.BloomPack). (eg., from the Documents folder)
4. Verify 'Bloom Pack Installation' dialog appears
5. Click the OK button.
6. Verify the Bloom application opens.
7. Verify the RTB book (eg.,'English Special Template Books’) appears in the lower left pane of the Collections view.
8. Verify a set of Decodable and Leveled Reader books appears under RTB Book name. (eg., English Special Template Books)

**Action Steps**

1. Click on the Decodable Reader book. (eg., Stage 2 Book)
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears.
3. Click on MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
5. Click Page 1.
6. Verify the sample words appear under the Decodable Reader Tool menu.
7. Verify the decodable settings show the correct stage (eg., Stage 1 of 2)  under the Decodable Reader Tool menu.
8. Click on the ‘Setup Stages’ link.
9. Verify Setup Decodable Reader Tool dialog opens.
10. Verify already added sight words appear on the Stages pane.
11. Click the OK button.
12. Verify Setup Decodable Reader Tool dialog closes.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the RTB (DR/LR) book.
2. Close Bloom application.
