---
id: 339
title: "Confirm BL-8303 doesn't happen"
description: "(435) Make sure BL-8303 doesn't happen"
issues:
  - [BL-8303](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-8303)
created: 2024-11-12
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setups Steps**

1. Click the 'Other Collection' button.
2. Verify 'Open/Create Collections' dialog opens.
3. Click the 'Create New Collection' button.
4. Verify 'Create New Bloom Collection'  dialog opens.
5. Enter 'Tamil' in the Search box.
6. Verify Tamil language bar appears.
7. Click the Tamil language bar.
8. Verify Tamil script box appears.
9. Click the Tamil script box.
10. Click the Next button.
11. Verify Font and Script view appears.
12. Click the Next button.
13. Verify Give Language Location view appears.
14. Click the Next button.
15. Verify 'Tamil Books'appear as Collection Name.
16. Click the Next button.
17. Verify 'Ready to create New collection' pane appears.
18. Click the Finish button.
19. Verify a new collection 'Tamil Books' appears on the Collections view.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Decodable Reader under Specialized Templates.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears on the right pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button
4. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
5. Click the Collections tab.
6. Verify the Collections view appears.
7. Click the ‘Other Collections’ button.
8. Verify 'Open/Create Collections' dialog opens.
9. Click any other book collection. (eg., English Books)
10. Verify the other book collection (eg., English Books)  opens.
11. Click the ‘Other Collections’ button.
12. Verify 'Open/Create Collections' dialog opens.
13. Switch back to the Original Book Collection. (ie., Click on Tamil Books)
14. Verify the Original book collection opens.
15. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
16. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
17. Verify there should no error dialog toast appear in the application.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Decodable Reader book.
2. Close Bloom application.
