---
id: 34
title: "Overlay Tools"
description: "Test case for Overlay Tools"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-09
last-modified: 2025-10-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download a picture files ‘1 Samuel.jpg’, 2 Dylan.jpg (or any other picture)  from the given link: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1xcWi23RsdpzHPxVclwzPImryzNfch9zX (Needs Developer’s approval)
2. Launch Bloom application
3. Click the Settings button.
4. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
5. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
6. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
7. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
8. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
9. Click the Restart button.
10. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book under Templates.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
4. Click the Add Page button.
5. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
6. Select "Just a Picture" template.
7. Click the Add page button.
8. Verify the Picture page is added.
9. Click the Hamburger button.
10. Verify the TBT menu opens.
11. Click the "More" button which appears at the bottom right corner of the Bloom Editor.
12. Verify the "More" menu should appear.
13. Select the check box to enable the "Overlay Tool" option.
14. Verify the Overlay Tool menu appears.
15. Drag the Speech bubble overlay onto the image.
16. Verify the Bubble overlay appears with an edit mode.
17. Hold the Ctrl key and drag the Speech bubble overlay towards upward direction.
18. Verify the edit mode still appears in the speech bubble overlay.
19. Click on the ellipse (...) button.
20. Verify a popup menu opens.
21. Verify the ‘Auto height’  option is selected by default.
22. Enter "This is for testing purpose" on the textbox.
23. Verify the speech bubble text box size is automatically increased. (ie., it appears in two lines)
24. Click  the ‘Change Shape’ button which appears on the right side of the speech bubble text box.
25. Drag the ‘Change Shape’ button towards the right direction so that the width of the text box increases.
26. Verify that "This is for testing purpose" appears in a single line text in the Bubble overlay.
27. Press and hold the mouse key on the Speech bubble.
28. Verify the (+) symbol appears.
29. Drag the bubble upwards.
30. Verify the Speech bubble moves to upward direction.
31. Release the Mouse key.
32. Press and hold the Alt key.
33. Click the Speech bubble.
34. Verify a duplicate of the speech bubble appears on the page.
35. Click on the speech bubble.
36. Verify a toolbox appears on the bubble.
37. Click the ellipse button.
38. Verify an option menu opens.
39. Click Add Child bubble option.
40. Verify a child bubble is connected to the speech bubble.
41. Click on the Child bubble.
42. Verify the + symbol appears.
43. Drag the child bubble downwards.
44. Verify the Child bubble moves to downward direction.
45. Click on the Child bubble Overlay.
46. Verify that there are 'Change Shape' buttons appearing on the left and right side of the child bubble.
47. Click the left hand 'Change Shape' button.
48. Drag it towards the left direction.
49. Verify the child bubble size increases.
50. Click the right hand 'Change Shape' button.
51. Drag it in the right direction.
52. Verify the child bubble size increases.
53. Click on the child bubble.
54. Verify a toolbox appears on the bubble.
55. Click the ellipse button.
56. Verify an option menu opens.
57. Click Add Child bubble option.
58. Verify a child bubble is connected to the existing child bubble.
59. Drag an image overlay onto the picture pane.
60. Verify the Image overlay appears on the picture pane.
61. Open the Downloads folder.
62. Right click on the sample picture 1 Samuel.jpg.
63. Open it with the Paint application.
64. Copy the picture file.
65. Click on the Image Overlay in the Bloom editor.
66. Verify a toolbox appears under the Image overlay.
67. Click the ‘Paste Image’ button.
68. Verify the image is pasted on the image overlay.
69. Verify the image overlay should not surpass the dimensions of the original overlay element.
70. Click the Crop button at the bottom center of the Image overlay.
71. Drag it downwards.
72. Verify nothing happens.
73. Drag it towards upwards.
74. Verify that the image box height is reduced.
75. Click the Crop button at the upper center of the Image overlay.
76. Drag it towards upwards.
77. Verify nothing happens.
78. Drag it downwards.
79. Verify that the image box height is reduced.
80. Click the Crop button at the left center of the Image overlay.
81. Drag it towards the left direction.
82. Verify nothing happens.
83. Drag it in the right direction.
84. Verify that the image box width is reduced.
85. Click the Crop button at the right center of the Image overlay.
86. Drag it in the right direction.
87. Verify nothing happens.
88. Drag it towards the left direction.
89. Verify that the image box width is reduced.
90. Click the 'Copyright+License' button (in red color) on the Image overlay.
91. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
92. Enter 'Tester' in the Illustrator/Photographer text box.
93. Enter 'Developer' in the Copyright Holder text box.
94. Click the OK button.
95. Verify 'Picture Intellectual Property Information' dialog opens.
96. Click the 'Yes' button.
97. Verify the 'Copyright+License' button disappears from the Image overlay.
98. Right click on the Image overlay.
99. Verify an option menu appears.
100. Click 'Choose image from your computer..' option.
101. Verify Image Toolbox opens.
102. Click the 'Image Galleries' button.
103. Verify Image Galleries Search box appears.
104. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
105. Press the 'Search' button.
106. Verify Car image appears on the preview pane.
107. Select a Car from the Car Images pane.
108. Click the OK button.
109. Verify the Image overlay picture replaces with the Car Image.
110. Open the Downloads folder.
111. Right click on the sample picture 2 Dylan.jpg.
112. Open it with the Paint application.
113. Copy the picture file.
114. Right click on the Image overlay. (in Bloom)
115. Verify an option menu appears.
116. Click the 'Paste Image' option.
117. Verify the Image overlay picture replaces with the new (2 Dylan.jpg) Image.
118. Click the Crop button at the bottom center of the Image overlay.
119. Drag it downwards.
120. Verify nothing happens.
121. Drag it towards upwards.
122. Verify that the image box height is reduced.
123. Click the Crop button at the upper center of the Image overlay.
124. Drag it towards upwards.
125. Verify nothing happens.
126. Drag it downwards.
127. Verify that the image box height is reduced.
128. Click the Crop button at the left center of the Image overlay.
129. Drag it towards the left direction.
130. Verify nothing happens.
131. Drag it in the right direction.
132. Verify that the image box width is reduced.
133. Click the Crop button at the right center of the Image overlay.
134. Drag it in the right direction.
135. Verify nothing happens.
136. Drag it towards the left direction.
137. Verify that the image box width is reduced.
138. Right click on the Image overlay.
139. Verify an option menu appears.
140. Click the 'Copy Image' option.
141. Open the Paint application.
142. Press Ctrl+V keys.
143. Verify the Image is pasted on the Paint application.
144. Right click on the Image overlay. (in Bloom)
145. Verify an option menu appears.
146. Click 'Set image information..' option.
147. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
148. Enter 'Tester' in the Illustrator/Photographer text box.
149. Enter 'Developer' in the Copyright Holder text box.
150. Click the OK button.
151. Verify 'Picture Intellectual Property Information' dialog opens.
152. Click the 'Yes' button.
153. Open a browser window.
154. Type 'bloomlibrary.org' in the search bar.
155. Press the Enter key.
156. Verify bloomlibrary.org site opens.
157. Copy the hyperlink.
158. Right click on the Image overlay. (in Bloom)
159. Verify an option menu appears.
160. Click the 'Paste Hyperlink' option.
161. Verify the option menu closes.
162. Right click on the Image overlay.
163. Verify an option menu appears.
164. Verify the pasted hyperlink appears under 'Paste Hyperlink' heading.
165. Click the Duplicate option.
166. Verify the image overlay is duplicated.
167. Right click on the (duplicated) Image overlay.
168. Verify an option menu appears.
169. Click the Delete option.
170. Verify the (duplicated) image overlay is deleted.
171. Drag the 'Caption' overlay onto the picture page.
172. Verify the Caption  overlay appears with an edit mode.
173. Hold the Ctrl key then drag the Caption overlay towards upward direction.
174. Verify the overlay still appears in edit mode.
175. Verify an image toolbox appears under the Caption overlay.
176. Click the (...) ellipse button.
177. Verify an option menu appears.
178. Verify the 'Auto-height' option is selected by default.
179. Click outside of the Caption overlay.
180. Verify the option menu disappears.
181. Click on the Caption overlay.
182. Type 'This is for testing purpose' in the Caption overlay.
183. Verify the Caption box height is automatically increased. (ie., it appears in two lines)
184. Click the ‘Change Shape’ button which appears at the right side of the Caption text box.
185. Drag the ‘Change Shape’ button to the right direction.
186. Verify the text box width is increased and the text appears in a single line.
187. Verify the Caption overlay size is changed.
188. Click the 'Background Color' under the Overlay Tool menu.
189. Verify the Background Color dialog opens.
190. Select 'Yellow' (or some other color) from the Color palette.
191. Verify the background color of the Caption overlay is changed to Yellow.
192. Select the 'Show Tail' option.
193. Verify a tail appears in the Caption box.
194. De-select the 'Show Tail' option.
195. Verify a tail disappears in the Caption box.
196. Select 'Rounded Corners' option.
197. Verify the Caption box corners are changed.
198. Click the Text Color option.
199. Verify the Text Color dialog box opens.
200. Select 'Dark Blue' color from the color palette.
201. Click the OK button.
202. Verify the text color of the Caption box is changed to Dark blue color.
203. Click on the Picture pane.
204. Click the Change Image button.
205. Verify Image Toolbox opens.
206. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
207. Press the 'Search' button.
208. Verify Car image appears on the preview pane.
209. Select a car from the Car Images pane.
210. Click the OK button.
211. Verify the Car Image appears on the Picture pane.
212. Verify an image toolbox appears under the picture pane.
213. Click the (...)ellipse button of the image toolbox.
214. Verify the option menu opens.
215. Click on 'Expand image to fill space' option.
216. Verify Car image (on the background) expands and appears fully on the page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete '1 Samule.jpg, 2 Dylan.jpg' pictures from the downloads folder.
2. Delete the Subscription code.
3. Delete the Basic book.
4. Close Bloom application.
