---
id: 343
title: "New books get whatever Decodable stage was last set with a control"
description: "(439) New books get whatever Decodable stage was last set with a control"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-12
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Decodable Reader book under Specialized Template.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears on the right pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button
4. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
5. Enter 'Stage 1 Book' in the Front Cover title box.
6. Click the Add page button.
7. Verify the Add page dialog appears.
8. Select the ‘Just Text’ template.
9. Click the Add page button.
10. Verify the book is added.
11. Enter 'This is for testing purpose' in the text page.
12. Verify the words get highlighted.
13. Click the Setup Stages link button.
14. Verify Setup Decodable Reader Tool menu opens.
15. Enter 'This' in the New Sight Word text box.
16. Click the Add Stage link button.
17. Enter 'is' in the New Sight Word text box.
18. Click the Add Stage link button.
19. Enter 'for' in the New Sight Word text box.
20. Click the Add Stage link button.
21. Enter 'testing' in the New Sight Word text box.
22. Click the Add Stage link button.
23. Enter 'purpose' in the New Sight Word text box.
24. Click the OK button.
25. Verify the Stages (eg.,Stage 1 of 5) are created and appear under the Decodable Reader Tool menu.
26. Set the Stage to 4. (eg., Stage 4 of 5).
27. Click the Collections tab.
28. Verify the Collections view appears.
29. Click the Decodable Reader book under Specialized Template.
30. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears on the right pane.
31. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button
32. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
33. Verify ‘Stage 4 of 5’ appear under Decodable Reader Tool menu

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Decodable Reader book.
2. Close Bloom application.
