---
id: 344
title: "Each book should remember its own stage/level"
description: "(440) Each book should remember its own stage/level"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-12
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Decodable Reader book under Specialized Template.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears on the right pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button
4. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
5. Enter 'Stage 1 Book' in the Front Cover title box.
6. Click the Add page button.
7. Verify the Add page dialog appears.
8. Select the ‘Just Text’ template.
9. Click the Add page button.
10. Verify the book is added.
11. Enter 'This is for testing purpose' in the text page.
12. Verify the words get highlighted.
13. Click the Setup Stages link button.
14. Verify Setup Decodable Reader Tool menu opens.
15. Enter 'This' in the New Sight Word text box.
16. Click the Add Stage link button.
17. Enter 'is' in the New Sight Word text box.
18. Click the Add Stage link button.
19. Enter 'for' in the New Sight Word text box.
20. Click the Add Stage link button.
21. Enter 'testing' in the New Sight Word text box.
22. Click the Add Stage link button.
23. Enter 'purpose' in the New Sight Word text box.
24. Click the OK button.
25. Verify the Stages (eg.,Stage 1 of 5) are created and appear under the Decodable Reader Tool menu.
26. Set the Stage to 2. (eg., Stage 2 of 5).
27. Click the Close button of the Bloom Window.
28. Relaunch Bloom application.
29. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
30. Verify the DR book opens in the Edit view.
31. Verify the Stage remains with the same Stage number. (ie., Stage 2 of 5).
32. Click the Leveled Reader in Bloom application.
33. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears on the right pane.
34. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button
35. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
36. Click the Add page button.
37. Verify the Add page dialog appears.
38. Select the Just Text template.
39. Click the Add page button.
40. Verify the book is added.
41. Enter 'Leveled Reader book' in the text page.
42. Verify all the words are highlighted.
43. Set the Level to 3 (e.g,Level 3 of 6)
44. Verify no words are highlighted.
45. Click the Close button of the Bloom Window.
46. Verify Bloom application closes.
47. Relaunch Bloom application.
48. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
49. Verify the Leveled Reader book opens in the Edit view.
50. Click Page 1.
51. Verify the Level remains with the same Level number. (ie., Level 3 of 6).

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Leveled Reader book.
2. Close Bloom application.
