---
id: 345
title: "DR sample word sorting"
description: "(441) Test case for DR sample word sorting"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-12
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download French Decodable Reader from the given link : https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1WWDVXK-kSjXLfvtp7aev0tPKGI09qaGM
2. Open it in the Bloom application.
3. Click the Settings button.
4. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
5. Click the Change link button under Local Language.
6. Enter French in the Search box.
7. Verify francais language bar appears.
8. Click on the francais language bar.
9. Click the OK button.
10. Click the Restart button.
11. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
2. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
3. Click Page 1.
4. Verify Page 1 opens in the edit view.
5. Click the Setup Stages link under the Decodable Reader Tool menu.
6. Verify Setup Decodable Reader Tool menu opens.
7. Click the first stage.
8. Enter 'della' in the New Sight Words.
9. Click the second stage.
10. Enter 'ai' in the New Sight Words.
11. Click the third stage.
12. Enter 'vo' in the New Sight Words.
13. Click the fourth stage.
14. Enter 'ba' in the New Sight Words.
15. Click the fifth stage.
16. Enter 'se' in the New Sight Words.
17. Click the sixth stage.
18. Enter 'qw' in the New Sight Words.
19. Click the seventh stage.
20. Enter 'jh' in the New Sight Words.
21. Click the eight stage.
22. Enter 'tr' in the New Sight Words.
23. Click the ninth stage.
24. Enter 'vi' in the New Sight Words.
25. Click the tenth stage.
26. Enter 'zx' in the New Sight Words.
27. Click the eleventh stage.
28. Enter 'nb' in the New Sight Words.
29. Click the twelve stages.
30. Enter 'we' in the New Sight Words.
31. Click the thirteenth stage.
32. Enter 'qa' in the New Sight Words.
33. Click the OK button.
34. Set the Stage to 12 (ie., Stage 12 of 13)
35. Verify the Sample words appear under 'Sample words in this stage'.
36. Verify the sample words sorted alphabetically.
37. Click the ‘Sort by Word length’ button.
38. Verify the Sorting order changes.
39. Click the ‘Sort by Frequency’ button.
40. Verify the Sorting order changes.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the French DR book.
2. Close Bloom application.
