---
id: 347
title: "Sorting the available words in frequency order"
description: "(443) Test case for sorting the available words in frequency order"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-12
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Open Notepad application.
2. Enter some sample words (eg.,Test, Words, Texts, Apple, Zest) in the Notepad.
3. Save the text file with a valid name. (eg., SampleOne.txt) in a folder.
4. Copy the Sample text file.
5. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Decodable Reader book under Specialized Template.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears on the right pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button
4. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
5. Enter 'Stage 1 Book' in the Front Cover title box.
6. Click the Add page button.
7. Verify the Add page dialog appears.
8. Select the ‘Just Text’ template.
9. Click the Add page button.
10. Verify the book is added.
11. Enter 'This is for testing purpose' in the text page.
12. Click the Setup Stages link under the Decodable Reader Tool menu.
13. Verify Setup Decodable Reader Tool menu opens.
14. Click the Sample Words tab.
15. Verify 2) Place Text Files in Your Sample Texts Folder option appears.
16. Click the 'Sample Texts Folder' option
17. Verify Sample Texts Window opens.
18. Paste the SampleOne.txt file.
19. Click the Close button.
20. Verify the Sample Text window closes.
21. Verify the Sample words appear under 'Sample words in this stage'.
22. Click the ‘Sort by frequency’ button.
23. Verify Sorting order changes. (by frequency)

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Close the Notepad application.
2. Delete the Sample text file.
3. Delete the Decodable Reader book.
4. Close Bloom application.
