---
id: 348
title: "Decodable reader define stage by word list"
description: "(444) Decodable reader define stage by word list not loading lists on Linux"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-12
last-modified: 2025-10-29
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download English Decodable.zip file from the given link : https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1WWDT2Iz7Q6Mh0Q_96Jiy1Y-RM-NG7UoS
2. Extract the zip file into the Downloads folder.
3. Verify English Decodable folder appears.
4. Double click on the English Decodable folder.
5. Verify the folder opens.
6. Double click on English Decodable.Bloom Book Collection.
7. Verify the book opens in the Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click on 'Defined by Allowed Words' book thumbnail.
2. Verify the book preview appears on the right pane.
3. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
5. Click the 'Setup Stages' link button under the Decodable Reader Tool menu.
6. Verify Setup Decodable Reader Tool menu opens.
7. Click the 'Sample Words' tab.
8. Select 'We are using lists of allowed words to define stages' option.
9. Click the 'Decodable Stages' tab.
10. Click the Add Stage link button.
11. Click the 'Choose..' link button under the 'Stage 1' pane.
12. Verify 'Open' dialog appears.
13. Click the Downloads option from the left pane.
14. Open the 'Allowed Words' folder. (eg., C:\Users\UserName\Downloads\English Decodable\Allowed Words)
15. Select 'GREEN EGGS01' text file.
16. Click the Open button.
17. Verify the GREEN EGGS01 text file is added under the Allowed Words File pane.
18. Click the 'Add Stage' link button.
19. Verify Stage 2 appears on the right pane.
20. Click the 'Choose..' link button under the 'Stage 2' pane.
21. Verify 'Open' dialog appears.
22. Click the Downloads option from the left pane.
23. Open the 'Allowed Words' folder.
24. Select 'GREEN EGGS02' text file.
25. Click the Open button.
26. Verify the GREEN EGGS02 text file is added under the Allowed Words File pane.
27. Click the 'Add Stage' link button.
28. Verify Stage 3 appears on the right pane.
29. Click the 'Choose..' link button under 'Stage 3' pane.
30. Verify 'Open' dialog appears.
31. Click the Downloads option from the left pane.
32. Open the 'Allowed Words' folder.
33. Select 'GREEN EGGS03' text file.
34. Click the Open button.
35. Verify the GREEN EGGS03 text file is added under the Allowed Words File pane.
36. Click the 'Add Stage' link button.
37. Verify Stage 4 appears on the right pane.
38. Click the 'Choose..' link button under 'Stage 4' pane.
39. Verify 'Open' dialog appears.
40. Click the Downloads option from the left pane.
41. Open the 'Allowed Words' folder.
42. Select 'GREEN EGGS04' text file.
43. Click the Open button.
44. Verify the GREEN EGGS04 text file is added under the Allowed Words File pane.
45. Click the 'Add Stage' link button.
46. Verify Stage 5 appears on the right pane.
47. Click the 'Choose..' link button under 'Stage 5' pane.
48. Verify 'Open' dialog appears.
49. Click the Downloads option from the left pane.
50. Open the 'Allowed Words' folder.
51. Select 'GREEN EGGS05' text file.
52. Click the Open button.
53. Verify the GREEN EGGS05 text file is added under the Allowed Words File pane.
54. Click the 'Add Stage' link button.
55. Verify Stage 6 appears on the right pane.
56. Click the 'Choose..' link button under 'Stage 6' pane.
57. Verify 'Open' dialog appears.
58. Click the Downloads option from the left pane.
59. Open the 'Allowed Words' folder.
60. Select 'GREEN EGGS06' text file.
61. Click the Open button.
62. Verify the GREEN EGGS06 text file is added under the Allowed Words File pane.
63. Click the 'Add Stage' link button.
64. Verify Stage 7 appears on the right pane.
65. Click the 'Choose..' link button under 'Stage 7' pane.
66. Verify 'Open' dialog appears.
67. Click the Downloads option from the left pane.
68. Open the 'Allowed Words' folder.
69. Select 'GREEN EGGS07' text file.
70. Click the Open button.
71. Verify the GREEN EGGS07 text file is added under the Allowed Words File pane.
72. Click the 'Add Stage' link button.
73. Verify Stage 8 appears on the right pane.
74. Click the 'Choose..' link button under the 'Stage 8' pane.
75. Verify 'Open' dialog appears.
76. Click the Downloads option from the left pane.
77. Open the 'Allowed Words' folder.
78. Select 'GREEN EGGS08' text file.
79. Click the Open button.
80. Verify the GREEN EGGS08 text file is added under the Allowed Words File pane.
81. Click the 'Add Stage' link button.
82. Verify Stage 9 appears on the right pane.
83. Click the 'Choose..' link button under 'Stage 9' pane.
84. Verify 'Open' dialog appears.
85. Click the Downloads option from the left pane.
86. Open the 'Allowed Words' folder.
87. Select 'GREEN EGGS09' text file.
88. Click the Open button.
89. Verify the GREEN EGGS09 text file is added under the Allowed Words File pane.
90. Click the 'Add Stage' link button.
91. Verify Stage 10 appears on the right pane.
92. Click the 'Choose..' link button under the 'Stage 10' pane.
93. Verify 'Open' dialog appears.
94. Click the Downloads option from the left pane.
95. Open the 'Allowed Words' folder.
96. Select 'GREEN EGGS10' text file.
97. Click the Open button.
98. Verify the GREEN EGGS10 text file is added under the Allowed Words File pane.
99. Click the 'Add Stage' link button.
100. Verify Stage 11 appears on the right pane.
101. Click the 'Choose..' link button under 'Stage 11' pane.
102. Verify 'Open' dialog appears.
103. Click the Downloads option from the left pane.
104. Open the 'Allowed Words' folder.
105. Select 'GREEN EGGS11' text file.
106. Click the Open button.
107. Verify the GREEN EGGS11 text file is added under the Allowed Words File pane.
108. Click the OK button.
109. Verify 'Stage 1 of 11' appears under the Decodable Reader Tool menu. (in the rightmost pane)
110. Click on Page 1.
111. Verify there should be no highlighted words.
112. Click on Page 2.
113. Verify some words are highlighted.
114. Set Stage to 'Stage 2 of 11'
115. Verify no highlighted words appear.
116. Set Stage to 'Stage 3 of 11'
117. Verify no highlighted words appear.
118. Click on Page 3.
119. Verify no highlighted words appear.
120. Set Stage to 'Stage 2 of 11'
121. Verify some words are highlighted.
122. Set Stage to 'Stage 4 of 11'
123. Verify no highlighted words appear.
124. Click on Page 4.
125. Verify no highlighted words appear.
126. Set Stage to 'Stage 3 of 11'
127. Verify some words are highlighted.
128. Set Stage to 'Stage 5 of 11'
129. Verify no highlighted words appear.
130. Click on Page 5.
131. Verify no highlighted words appear.
132. Set Stage to 'Stage 4 of 11'
133. Verify some words are highlighted.
134. Set Stage to 'Stage 6 of 11'
135. Verify no highlighted words appear.
136. Click on Page 6.
137. Verify no highlighted words appear.
138. Set Stage to 'Stage 5 of 11'
139. Verify some words are highlighted.
140. Set Stage to 'Stage 7 of 11'
141. Verify no highlighted words appear.
142. Click on Page 7.
143. Verify no highlighted words appear.
144. Set Stage to 'Stage 6 of 11'
145. Verify some words are highlighted.
146. Set Stage to 'Stage 8 of 11'
147. Verify no highlighted words appear.
148. Click on Page 8.
149. Verify no highlighted words appear.
150. Set Stage to 'Stage 7 of 11'
151. Verify some words are highlighted.
152. Set Stage to 'Stage 9 of 11'
153. Verify no highlighted words appear.
154. Click on Page 9.
155. Verify no highlighted words appear.
156. Set Stage to 'Stage 8 of 11'
157. Verify some words are highlighted.
158. Set Stage to 'Stage 10 of 11'
159. Verify no highlighted words appear.
160. Click on Page 10.
161. Verify no highlighted words appear.
162. Set Stage to 'Stage 9 of 11'
163. Verify some words are highlighted.
164. Set Stage to 'Stage 11 of 11'
165. Verify no highlighted words appear.
166. Click on Page 10.
167. Verify no highlighted words appear.
168. Set Stage to 'Stage 9 of 11'
169. Verify some words are highlighted.
170. Set Stage to 'Stage 11 of 11'
171. Verify no highlighted words appear.
172. Click on Page 11.
173. Verify no highlighted words appear.
174. Set Stage to 'Stage 10 of 11'
175. Verify some words are highlighted.
176. Set Stage to 'Stage 11 of 11'
177. Verify no highlighted words appear.
178. Enter 'Testing' on the Page.
179. Verify the word 'Testing' is highlighted.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete 'Defined by Allowed Words' book
2. Delete the English Decodable book collection.
3. Close Bloom application.
