---
id: 35
title: "Collection Tab Books"
description: "Test case for Collection Tab Books"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-09
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Right click on a Book Thumbnail in Collections tab.
2. Verify there is a popup menu open.
3. Click the "Rename Book.." option.
4. Verify the Book caption is changed to edit mode.
5. Type 'TestBook'.
6. Press Enter key.
7. Verify the Book name is renamed successfully.
8. Right click on a Book Thumbnail in Collections tab.
9. Verify the popup menu opens.
10. Click the "Duplicate Book.." option.
11. Verify a duplicate book thumbnail is created under Books view.
12. Right click on a Book Thumbnail in Collections tab.
13. Verify the popup menu opens.
14. Click 'Show in File Explorer.." option.
15. Verify the location of the Books Folder appears in the File Explorer window.
16. Right click on a Book Thumbnail.
17. Verify the popup menu opens.
18. Click the Delete Book option from the popup menu.
19. Verify the "Confirm Delete" dialog opens.
20. Click the Delete button.
21. Verify the book is successfully deleted from the Books Collection.
22. Right click on a Book Thumbnail(eg., The Moon and the Cap) in Collections tab.
23. Verify the popup menu opens.
24. Click 'More.." submenu option.
25. Verify the Submenu opens.
26. Click the 'Export to Word or Libreoffice' option.
27. Verify the Select Folder dialog opens.
28. Select a folder to export.
29. Click the 'Select Folder' button.
30. Verify a warning message "Bloom will now open this HTML document in your word processing program.." dialog appears.
31. Click the OK button.
32. Verify the exported book content appears in the LibreOffice document.
33. Right click on a Book Thumbnail in Collections tab.
34. Verify the popup menu opens.
35. Click 'More.." submenu option.
36. Verify the Submenu opens.
37. Click 'Save as Single file (*.BloomSource)' option.
38. Verify the 'Save as' dialog opens.
39. Click the Save button.
40. Verify the book is saved as Book.BloomSource in the document folder.
41. Click 'Save as Bloom pack (*.Bloompack)' option.
42. Verify the 'Save as' dialog opens.
43. Click the Save button.
44. Verify the book should save as Book.Bloompack in the document folder.
45. Click an existing book under Book collection. (eg., The Moon and the cap)
46. Click the 'Edit This Book' button.
47. Click the Change image button in Front cover picture.
48. Verify the Image toolbox appears.
49. Type 'Car' in the Search box.
50. Press the Enter key.
51. Verify Car images appears on the preview pane.
52. Select any of the Car images.
53. Click the OK button.
54. Verify the Front cover image is changed.
55. Click the Collections tab.
56. Right click on a Book Thumbnail in Collections tab.
57. Verify the popup menu opens.
58. Click 'More.." submenu option.
59. Verify the Submenu opens.
60. Click the 'Update Thumbnail' option.
61. Verify the progress bar flashes and the screen.
62. Click the “Edit this book”  button.
63. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
64. Enter "Test Book" in the Front cover title box.
65. Click the Add Page button.
66. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
67. Select "Just a Picture" template.
68. Click the Add page button.
69. Verify  thePicture page is added.
70. Click the Collections tab.
71. Right click on a Book Thumbnail in Collections tab.
72. Verify the popup menu opens.
73. Click 'More.." submenu option.
74. Verify the Submenu opens.
75. Click the 'Update Book' option.
76. Verify the book is updated.
77. Click Edit this book button.
78. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
79. Click the Add Page button.
80. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
81. Select "Basic text & Picture" template.
82. Click the Add page button.
83. Verify the page is added.
84. Click on the text pane.
85. Type 'This is for testing purpose'
86. Click the Page thumbnail.
87. Verify the thumbnail updates.
88. Click on the image pane.
89. Click on the Change image button.
90. Verify the Image toolbox appears.
91. Type 'Car' in the Search box.
92. Press the Enter key.
93. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
94. Select any of the Car images.
95. Click the OK button.
96. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
97. Click on the page thumbnail.
98. Verify the thumbnail should update immediately.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic book.
2. Close Bloom application.
