---
id: 351
title: "Check there are no changes are lost quitting from edit tab"
description: "(656) Check there are no changes are lost quitting from edit tab"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-12
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Enter 'The Golden Touch' in the Front Cover title box.
6. Click the Credits Page thumbnail.
7. Verify the Credits page opens.
8. Click the 'Needs Copyright' button.
9. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
10. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
11. Click the OK button.
12. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
13. Click the Add page button.
14. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
15. Select 'Basic Text & Picture' template.
16. Click the Add page button.
17. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
18. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
19. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
20. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
21. Press the Enter key.
22. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
23. Click any of the Car images.
24. Click the OK button.
25. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
26. Click the Publish tab.
27. Click the Web button.
28. Verify Publish as Web view opens.
29. Press Alt+F4 keys.
30. Verify Bloom closes.
31. Relaunch Bloom application.
32. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
33. Verify no content was lost in the Edit view.
34. Click the Add page button.
35. Verify the Add page dialog opens.
36. Select .Just a Picture. template.
37. Click the Add page button.
38. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
39. Click the Collections tab.
40. Verify the Collections view appears.
41. Click the Close button of the Bloom Window.
42. Verify Bloom closes.
43. Relaunch Bloom application.
44. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
45. Verify the newly added Picture page appears in the Edit view.
46. Verify no content was lost in the Edit view.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic book.
2. Close Bloom application.
