---
id: 352
title: "Collection Dropdown Menu items"
description: "(657) Smoke Test Collection Dropdown Menu items"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-12
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the triangle button near the Book Collection Name. (e.g., English Book Collections) in Collections view.
2. Verify a context menu opens.
3. Verify 'Open or Create Another Collection' option appears.
4. Verify 'Make Bloom Pack of Shell Books...' option appears.
5. Verify 'Make Reader Template Bloom Pack...' option appears.
6. Click on Troubleshooting..option.
7. Verify 'Do Check of All books...' option appears.
8. Verify 'Do Updates of All Books...'option appears.
9. Verify 'Rescue Missing Images...' option appears.
10. Click outside of the menu.
11. Verify the context menu closes.
12. Click the Settings button.
13. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
14. Click the Book Making tab.
15. Click the first dropdown list (eg., Default Font for English)
16. Verify the list box opens.
17. Verify some Fonts are enabled. (eg., ABeeZee font)
18. Verify some Fonts are disabled. (eg., Alef).
19. Select the enabled Font. (eg., ABeeZee font)
20. Verify the Font is selected and appear as Default Font.
21. Select the disabled Font. (eg., Alef).
22. Verify the font is selected but a warning icon appears.
23. Hover the mouse over the warning icon.
24. Verify a warning message appears.
25. Click outside of the warning message.
26. Verify the warning message closes.
27. Click the second dropdown list (eg., Default Font for Tamil)
28. Verify the list box opens.
29. Verify some Fonts are enabled. (eg., ABeeZee font)
30. Verify some Fonts are disabled. (eg., Alef).
31. Select the enabled Font. (eg., ABeeZee font)
32. Verify the Font is selected and appear as Default Font.
33. Select the disabled Font. (eg., Alef).
34. Verify the font is selected but a warning icon appears.
35. Hover the mouse over the warning icon.
36. Verify a warning message appears.
37. Click outside of the warning message.
38. Verify the warning message closes.
39. Click the third dropdown list (eg., Default Font for Telugu)
40. Verify the list box opens.
41. Verify some Fonts are enabled. (eg., ABeeZee font)
42. Verify some Fonts are disabled. (eg., Alef).
43. Select the enabled Font. (eg., ABeeZee font)
44. Verify the Font is selected and appear as Default Font.
45. Select the disabled Font. (eg., Alef).
46. Verify the font is selected but a warning icon appears.
47. Hover the mouse over the warning icon.
48. Verify a warning message appears.
49. Click outside of the warning message.
50. Verify the warning message closes.
51. Click the fourth dropdown list (eg., Page Numbering Style)
52. Verify the list box opens.
53. Verify all numbering styles are enabled in the list box.
54. Select any one of the number styles (eg., Khmer)
55. Verify Khmer style is selected and appear under Page Number Style.
56. Click the dropdown list box under Bloom Library BookShelf
57. Verify the list box opens.
58. Verify the added bookshelves appear in the listbox.
59. Click the Cancel button.
60. Verify the Settings dialog closes.
61. Click the Other Collection button.
62. Verify Open/Create Collections dialog opens.
63. Click the 'English'UI dropdown box.
64. Verify the UI language list box opens.
65. Select any of the UI languages. (eg., francais)
66. Verify the UI language of the dialog box changed to french.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Close Bloom application.
