---
id: 353
title: "Correct duplicate book IDs introduced by a user"
description: "(661) Test Bloom's ability to correct duplicate book IDs introduced by a user"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-12
last-modified: 2025-10-14
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom Collection.
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
10. Open an existing Team Collection. (eg., English Shared TC Books)

**Action Steps**

1. Click a book (eg., A1) under TC book collection.
2. Click the 'CHECK IN BOOK' button. (if it is not checked in)
3. Verify a message ' This book is available for editing' appears on the Preview pane.
4. Verify the avatar disappears from the book thumbnail.
5. Right click on the Book thumbnail.
6. Verify a Context menu opens.
7. Click the 'Show in File Explorer' option.
8. Verify the book opens in the directory. (eg., C:\Users\UserName\Documents\Bloom\English Shared TC Books)
9. Copy the Book folder. (eg., A1 Book)
10. Paste the book folder in the same directory.
11. Rename the new book folder. (eg., A2 Book)
12. Restart Bloom.
13. Click the 'Problem Encountered' button.
14. Verify an error message "The book 'A2 Book' is no longer in the Team Collection. It has been kept in your local collection" message appears.
15. Click the Close button.
16. Right click on the copied book thumbnail.
17. Verify a Context menu opens.
18. Click the 'Show in File Explorer' option.
19. Verify the book (A2) opens in the directory.
20. Open the book folder.
21. Open the meta.JSON file in the notepad.
22. Verify the Book Instance ID number.
23. Close the window.
24. Right click on the original book thumbnail.
25. Verify a Context menu opens.
26. Click the 'Show in File Explorer' option.
27. Verify the book (A1) opens in the directory.
28. Open the book folder.
29. Open the meta.JSON file in the notepad.
30. Verify the Book Instance ID number is different from the copied book.
31. Click a book (eg., A3) under TC book collection.
32. Click the 'CHECK IN BOOK' button. (if it is not checked in)
33. Verify a message ' This book is available for editing' appears on the Preview pane.
34. Verify the avatar disappears from the book thumbnail.
35. Right click on the Book thumbnail.
36. Verify a Context menu opens.
37. Click the 'Show in File Explorer' option.
38. Verify the book opens in the directory. (eg., C:\Users\UserName\Documents\Bloom\English Shared TC Books)
39. Copy the Book folder. (eg., A3 Book)
40. Paste the book folder in the same directory.
41. Rename the new book folder. (eg., A4 Book)
42. Double click on the original book folder. (eg., A1)
43. Verify A1.htm file appears on the folder.
44. Right click on the .htm file. (eg., A1.htm)
45. Verify an option menu appears.
46. Click open with > Notepad editor.
47. Verify the Notepad editor opens.
48. Add a word "One" in <p> A1 Book One </p> paragraph.
49. Save the file.
50. Close the Notepad editor.
51. Restart Bloom.
52. Click the 'Problem Encountered' button.
53. Verify an error message "The book 'A4 Book' is no longer in the Team Collectin. It has been kept in your local collection" message appears.
54. Click the Close button.
55. Right click on the copied book thumbnail.
56. Verify a Context menu opens.
57. Click the 'Show in File Explorer' option.
58. Verify the book (A4) opens in the directory.
59. Open the book folder.
60. Open the meta.JSON file in the notepad.
61. Verify the Book Instance ID number.
62. Verify the copy gets the new book ID.
63. Verify the original retains its ID, even though it was modified.
64. Click the Original book (eg., A1) under TC book collection.
65. Click the 'CHECK OUT' button. (if it is not checked out)
66. Verify a message ' This book is checked out to you' appears on the Preview pane.
67. Verify the avatar appears from the book thumbnail.
68. Right click on the Book thumbnail.
69. Verify a Context menu opens.
70. Click the 'Show in File Explorer' option.
71. Verify the book opens in the directory. (eg., C:\Users\UserName\Documents\Bloom\English Shared TC Books)
72. Copy the Book folder. (eg., A1 Book)
73. Paste the book folder in the same directory.
74. Rename the new book folder. (eg., A5 Book)
75. Click the Original book (eg., A1) under TC book collection.
76. Click the 'CHECK OUT' button. (if it is not checked out)
77. Verify a message ' This book is checked out to you' appears on the Preview pane.
78. Verify the avatar appears from the book thumbnail.
79. Right click on the Book thumbnail.
80. Verify a Context menu opens.
81. Click the 'Show in File Explorer' option.
82. Verify the book opens in the directory. (eg., C:\Users\UserName\Documents\Bloom\English Shared TC Books)
83. Copy the Book folder. (eg., A1 Book)
84. Paste the book folder in the same directory.
85. Rename the new book folder. (eg., A5 Book)
86. Close the Window.
87. Restart Bloom.
88. Right click on the copied book thumbnail.
89. Verify a Context menu opens.
90. Click the 'Show in File Explorer' option.
91. Verify the book (copied book) opens in the directory.
92. Open the book folder.
93. Open the meta.JSON file in the notepad.
94. Verify the Copy, not part of the TC got a new book ID.
95. Close the window.
96. Right click on the original book thumbnail.
97. Verify a Context menu opens.
98. Click the 'Show in File Explorer' option.
99. Verify the book (original) opens in the directory.
100. Open the book folder.
101. Open the meta.JSON file in the notepad.
102. Verify the Checked-Out Original book retains its ID.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Team Collection book.
2. Delete the Subscription code.
3. Close Bloom application.
