---
id: 354
title: "Corrupted books"
description: "(681) Check how the bloom handles the corrupted books"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-12
last-modified: 2025-10-14
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Enter 'Test Book' in the Front Cover title box.
6. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
7. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
8. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
9. Press the Enter key.
10. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
11. Click any of the Car images.
12. Click the OK button.
13. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
14. Click the Collections tab.
15. Verify the Collection view opens.
16. Right click on the 'Test Book' book thumbnail.
17. Verify a Context menu appears.
18. Click the 'Show in File Explorer' option.
19. Verify the book (eg., Test Book) directory opens. (eg., C:\Users\UserName\Documents\Bloom\English Books\Test Book)
20. Double click on the book'Test Book' folder.
21. Verify the book folder opens.
22. Delete Test Book.HTML file.
23. Close the window.
24. Close Bloom application.
25. Restart Bloom.
26. Verify a Yellow box error message “'Bloom had a problem reading this book and recovered by restoring a recent backup..'” appears.
27. Click the Close button.
28. Close Bloom application.
29. Click a Basic book.
30. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
31. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
32. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
33. Enter 'Test One Book' in the Front Cover title box.
34. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
35. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
36. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
37. Press the Enter key.
38. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
39. Click any of the Car images.
40. Click the OK button.
41. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
42. Click the Collections tab.
43. Verify the Collection view opens.
44. Right click on the 'Test One Book' book thumbnail.
45. Verify a Context menu appears.
46. Click the 'Show in File Explorer' option.
47. Verify the book (eg., Test One Book) directory opens. (eg., C:\Users\UserName\Documents\Bloom\English Books\Test Book)
48. Double click on the book'Test Book' folder.
49. Verify the book folder opens.
50. Delete Test Book.CSS file.
51. Close the window.
52. Close Bloom application.
53. Restart Bloom.
54. Verify that no crash occurs after Bloom opens.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic book.
2. Close Bloom application.
