---
id: 356
title: "Install latest version installs on a clean machine, probably VM, and smoke tes"
description: "(9) Install latest version installs on a clean machine, probably VM, and smoke tes"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-10-06
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch the Bloom application on a VirtualBox VM.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic Book under Templates.
2. Verify “MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE” button is available on the right pane.
3. Click the “MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE” button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
5. Enter 'The Golden Touch' in the Front Cover title box.
6. Click the Credits Page thumbnail.
7. Verify the Credits page opens.
8. Click the 'Needs Copyright' button.
9. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
10. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
11. Click the OK button.
12. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
13. Click the Add page button.
14. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
15. Select 'Basic Text & Picture' template.
16. Click the Add page button.
17. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
18. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
19. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
20. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
21. Press the Enter key.
22. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
23. Click any of the Car images.
24. Click the OK button.
25. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
26. Click the Hamburger button.
27. Verify the TBT menu appears.
28. Click the More..option (at the bottom of the menu)
29. Verify More...menu opens.
30. Select 'Overlay' checkbox.
31. Verify 'Bloom Subscription Settings' button appears over the Overlay Tool.
32. Click 'Bloom Subscription Settings' button
33. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
34. Paste "Test-727011-1339" in the Subscription code.
35. Click the Restart button.
36. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
37. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
38. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
39. Verify the Overlay Tool menu appears.
40. Drag the Speech bubble from the overlay tool menu.
41. Drop the Speech bubble on the picture pane.
42. Verify the speech bubble appears on the picture pane.
43. Click the 'A5 Portrait' page layout dropdown from the toolbar.
44. Verify the list opens.
45. Select 'Device 16x9 Landscape' option.
46. Verify the page layout changed to 'Device 16x9 Landscape' orientation.
47. Click the Book Settings button.
48. Verify the Book Settings dialog opens.
49. Click the OK button.
50. Verify the Book Settings dialog closes.
51. Click the Publish tab.
52. Click the PDF & Print button.
53. Verify Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
54. Click the Web button.
55. Verify Publish to Web opens.
56. Click the BloomPUB button.
57. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
58. Click the ePUB button.
59. Verify Publish as ePUB view opens.
60. Click the Audio or Video button.
61. Verify Publish as Audio or Video opens.
62. Click the Collections Tab.
63. Verify the Collections view opens.
64. Right click on the Book thumbnail under Book Collections.
65. Verify a context menu opens.
66. Click the More option.
67. Verify a submenu opens.
68. Click outside of the context menu.
69. Verify the context menu closes.
70. Click the Settings button.
71. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
72. Click the OK button.
73. Verify the Settings dialog closes.
74. Click the "Other Collection" button.
75. Verify Open/Create Collections dialog opens.
76. Click the Close button.
77. Verify Open/Create Collections dialog closes.
78. Click the Close button.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Basic book.
3. Close Bloom application.
