---
id: 36
title: "Automigration"
description: "Test case for Automigration"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-09
last-modified: 2025-10-28
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Type 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription Code text box.
6. Click the Restart button.
7. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
8. Click the Settings button.
9. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
10. Click the 'Change' link button under the Local Language field.
11. Verify the Choose Language dialog opens.
12. Type 'mdh' on the Search bar.
13. Verify 'Magindanawn' language appears under the search bar.
14. Click 'Magindanawn' language.
15. Verify 'Latin' and 'Arabic' script buttons appear under the Magindanawn language bar.
16. Click the 'Latin' script button.
17. Click the OK button.
18. Verify the 'Magindanawn (mdh)' appears as Local Language.
19. Verify 'English (en)' language appears as National Language.
20. Click the Restart button.
21. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
22. Click the Settings button.
23. Verify 'Magindanawn (mdh)' appears as Local Language.
24. Verify 'English (en)' appears as a National Language.
25. Click the OK button.

**Action Steps**

1. Enter "https://bloomlibrary.org/book/a9DyDdFtGE" in the browser window.
2. Verify "Manga Manuk ni Noknok" book opens.
3. Click the 'Download into Bloom Editor - Translate into your language' button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Bloom Editor.
5. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button which appears in the right pane.
6. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button.
7. Verify the Book opens in the Edit view.
8. Click the Front Cover page.
9. Verify the first title box appears in Language 1 (eg., Magindanawn).
10. Verify the second title box appears in Language 2. (eg., English)
11. Click the Title Page thumbnail.
12. Verify the default logo appears on the Title page.
13. Click the Credits Page.
14. Verify the default logo appears on the Credits page.
15. Click the Outside Back Cover page thumbnail.
16. Verify the default logo appears on the Back cover page.
17. Click the Collections tab.
18. Click the Settings button.
19. Verify Settings dialog opens.
20. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
21. Type 'Education-For-Life-006295-0808' in the Subscription Code text box.
22. Click the Restart button.
23. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
24. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button which appears in the right pane.
25. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button.
26. Verify the Book opens in the Edit view.
27. Click the Front Cover page.
28. Verify the first title box appears in Language 1 (eg., Magindanawn).
29. Verify the second title box appears in Language 2. (eg., English)
30. Click the Outside Back Cover page thumbnail.
31. Verify the EFL logo appears on the Back cover page.
32. Click the Collections tab.
33. Click the Settings button.
34. Verify Settings dialog opens.
35. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
36. Type 'Little-Zebra-006112-4801' in the Subscription Code text box.
37. Click the Restart button.
38. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
39. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button which appears in the right pane.
40. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button.
41. Verify the Book opens in the Edit view.
42. Click the Front Cover page.
43. Verify the first title box appears in Language 1 (eg., Magindanawn).
44. Verify the second title box appears in Language 2. (eg., English)
45. Verify the Little Zebra logo appears on the Front cover page.
46. Click the Title Page thumbnail.
47. Verify the Little Zebra logo appears on the Title page.
48. Click the Outside Back Cover page thumbnail.
49. Verify the Little Zebra logo appears on the Back cover page.
50. Click the Close button of Bloom Editor.
51. Verify Bloom application closes.
52. Enter 'https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/18eik85gFlBUdQ2Ml_FFkCa67h79hWhco' in the browser window.
53. Verify Testing / BloomPacks page opens. (Needs developer's approval)
54. Click the download button near EFL Hako Books.BloomPack.
55. Verify Can't Scan file for Virus dialog.
56. Click the 'Download anyway' button.
57. Verify the EFL Hako Books.BloomPack is downloaded.
58. Double click on the EFL Hako Books.BloomPack.
59. Verify Bloom Pack Installation dialog opens.
60. Click the OK button.
61. Verify the book opens in the Bloom application.
62. Click '(1-6) Papa and the ..' book thumbnail under EFL Hako Books which appears under the lower left pane of the Bloom window.
63. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button which appears in the right pane.
64. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button.
65. Verify the Book opens in the Edit view.
66. Click the Front Cover page.
67. Verify the Little Zebra logo appears on the Front cover page.
68. Click the Title Page thumbnail.
69. Verify the Little Zebra logo appears on the Title page.
70. Click the Outside Back Cover page thumbnail.
71. Verify the Little Zebra logo appears on the Back cover page.
72. Click the Collections tab.
73. Click the Settings button.
74. Verify Settings dialog opens.
75. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
76. Type 'Education-For-Life-006295-0808' in the Subscription Code text box.
77. Click the Restart button.
78. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
79. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
80. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
81. Click the Front Cover page.
82. Verify there is no EFL logo appearing on the Front cover page.
83. Click the Title Page thumbnail.
84. Verify the EFL logo appears on the Title page.
85. Click the Credits Page.
86. Verify the EFL Information appears in the page.
87. Click the Outside Back Cover page thumbnail.
88. Verify the EFL logo appears on the Back cover page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete "Manga Manuk ni Noknok" book
2. Delete "(1-6) Papa and the.." book
3. Delete the Subscription code.
4. Close Bloom application.
