---
id: 362
title: "Check that a basic book can add all different pages"
description: "(56) Check that a basic book can add all different pages"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-19
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the “Basic Book” under the “Templates” area.
2. Verify that the  “Basic Book” template is displayed in the "Right pane".
3. Click the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify it opens in the "Edit" mode.
5. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left of the page.
6. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed.
7. Select the “Basic Text & Picture” page under the “Basic Pages” option.
8. Click the “ADD PAGE” button.
9. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is closed.
10. Verify that the new “Basic Text & Picture” page is displayed.
11. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left of the page.
12. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed.
13. Select the “4 Problems” page under the “Arithmetic Pages” option.
14. Click the “ADD PAGE” button.
15. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is closed.
16. Verify that the new “4 Problems” page is displayed.
17. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left of the page.
18. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed.
19. Select the “Comic” page under the “Digital Comic Book Pages” option.
20. Click the “ADD PAGE” button.
21. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is closed.
22. Verify that the new “Comic” page is displayed.
23. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left of the page.
24. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed.
25. Select the “Match Word with Image” page under the “Game Pages” option.
26. Click the “ADD PAGE” button.
27. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is closed.
28. Verify that the new “Match Word with Image” page is displayed.
29. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left of the page.
30. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed.
31. Select the “Comic Full Page” page under the "Paper Comic Book Pages” option.
32. Click the “ADD PAGE” button.
33. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is closed.
34. Verify that the new “Comic Full Page” page is displayed.
35. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left of the page.
36. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed.
37. Select the “Picture & Video” page under the "Sign Language Pages” option.
38. Click the “ADD PAGE” button.
39. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is closed.
40. Verify that the new “Picture & Video” page is displayed.
41. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left of the page.
42. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed.
43. Select the “Translation Instructions” page under the "Special Pages” option.
44. Click the “ADD PAGE” button.
45. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is closed.
46. Verify that the new “Translation Instructions” page is displayed.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic book.
2. Close Bloom application.
