---
id: 363
title: "Page thumbnail dropdown should be in correct position for left and right pages"
description: "(57) Page thumbnail dropdown should be in correct position for left and right pages"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click on the "Basic Book" Templates from the Sources For New Books.
2. Verify the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button appears on the Right side pane.
3. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify the Basic Book opens in the Edit Mode.
5. Click on the Front Cover page from the Left pane.
6. Verify the Front Cover page displays to Edit.
7. Click on the Title Box from the Front Cover page
8. Type Title as Test.
9. Click on the "Add Page +" button.
10. Verify the "Add Page..." dialog appears.
11. Select the Basic Text & Picture Template.
12. Click on the ADD PAGE button.
13. Verify the Page "1" thumbnail appears on the left side.
14. Verify the Top down triangle button appears at the bottom-right corner of the Page "1"  thumbnail.
15. Click on the Collections tab.
16. Verify the Settings button appears in the Standard Toolbar.
17. Click on the Settings button.
18. Verify the Settings dialog appears.
19. Click on the Book Making tab.
20. Verify the Special Script Settings link button appears under the Default Font for English drop down.
21. Click the Special Script Settings link button.
22. Verify Special Script Settings dialog opens.
23. Verify that the checkbox "This script is written right to left like Arabic, Hebrew, and Urdu." is unchecked by default.
24. Select the checkbox "This script is written right to left like Arabic, Hebrew, and Urdu.".
25. Verify that the checkbox becomes checked after selection.
26. Click the OK button.
27. Verify Special Script Settings dialog closes.
28. Click the Restart button from the Settings dialog box.
29. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
30. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button on the Right side pane.
31. Verify the Page "1" thumbnail appears on the left side.
32. Verify the Top down triangle button appears at the bottom-right corner of the Page "1"  thumbnail.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Test book.
2. Close the Bloom application.
