---
id: 364
title: "Check Other Books can add all different pages"
description: "(58) Check Other Books can add all different pages"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-19
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click 'The Moon and the Cap' book.
2. Verify that the "Moon and the Cap" book is displayed in the "Right pane".
3. Click the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify it opens in the "Edit" mode.
5. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left of the page.
6. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed.
7. Select the “Picture & Word” page under the “Basic Pages” option.
8. Click the “ADD PAGE” button.
9. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is closed.
10. Verify that the new “Picture & Word” page is displayed.
11. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left of the page.
12. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed.
13. Select the “2 Problems” page under the “Arithmetic Pages” option.
14. Click the “ADD PAGE” button.
15. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is closed.
16. Verify that the new “2 Problems” page is displayed.
17. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left of the page.
18. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed.
19. Select the “Comic” page under the “Digital Comic Book Pages” option.
20. Click the “ADD PAGE” button.
21. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is closed.
22. Verify that the new “Comic” page is displayed.
23. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left of the page.
24. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed.
25. Select the “Drag Images to Targets” page under the “Game Pages” option.
26. Click the “ADD PAGE” button.
27. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is closed.
28. Verify that the new “Drag Images to Targets” page is displayed.
29. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left of the page.
30. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed.
31. Select the “Comic Full Page with Footer” page under the "Paper Comic Book Pages” option.
32. Click the “ADD PAGE” button.
33. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is closed.
34. Verify that the new “Comic Full Page with Footer” page is displayed.
35. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left of the page.
36. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed.
37. Select the “Big Text Diglot” page under the "Sign Language Pages” option.
38. Click the “ADD PAGE” button.
39. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is closed.
40. Verify that the new “Big Text Diglot” page is displayed.
41. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left of the page.
42. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed.
43. Select the “Translation Instructions” page under the "Special Pages” option.
44. Click the “ADD PAGE” button.
45. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is closed.
46. Verify that the new “Translation Instructions” page is displayed.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete The Moon and the Cap book.
2. Close Bloom application.
