---
id: 365
title: "Check grid lines are all visible in Wall Calendar"
description: "(59) Check grid lines are all visible in Wall Calendar"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download some landscape images from the given link : https://pixabay.com/images/search/landscape/ (into the download folder)
2. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
4. Click a Wall Calendar book under Specialized Templates.
5. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
6. Verify Setup dialog appears.
7. Click the OK Button.
8. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
9. Select the page thumbnail after the Flyleaf page thumbnail.
10. Verify the empty page appears on the right pane.
11. Click the Change Image button.
12. Verify Image Toolbox dialog opens.
13. Click the File button.
14. Verify Choose Picture File dialog box appears.
15. Click the Downloads folder. (from the left pane)
16. Verify the Downloads folder opens.
17. Select the Sample picture.
18. Click the Open button.
19. Verify the Sample picture appears on the Preview pane.
20. Click the OK button.
21. Verify the Sample picture is added to the Picture page.
22. Verify the Add Page button is in disabled state.
23. Click on the Page thumbnail.
24. Verify there is a triangle button appear.
25. Click the triangle button.
26. Verify a popup menu opens.
27. Verify ‘Duplicate Page’ is in disabled state.
28. Verify ‘Remove Page’ is in disabled state.
29. Click the Publish tab.
30. Click the PDF & Print button.
31. Click the Simple button under Booklet Mode.
32. Verify a PDF file is created and appear in the Publish to PDF & Print dialog.
33. Verify the Sample picture correctly appears on the page.
34. Verify all the grid lines are fully visible on the calendar page..

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Wall Calendar book.
2. Close Bloom application.
