---
id: 366
title: "Ensure to turn off the first language in a trilingual book"
description: "(61) Ensure to turn off the first language in a trilingual book"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Click the Settings button.
2. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
3. Click the 'Change' link button under the Local Language field.
4. Verify the Choose Language dialog opens.
5. Type 'Tamil' on the Search bar.
6. Verify 'Tamil' language appears under the search bar.
7. Click 'Tamil' language.
8. Verify Tamil script buttons appear under the Tamil language bar.
9. Click the 'Tamil' script button.
10. Click the OK button.
11. Click the 'Set' link button under the Regional Language field.
12. Verify the Choose Language dialog opens.
13. Type 'hidi' on the Search bar.
14. Verify 'hindi' language appears under the search bar.
15. Click 'hindi' language.
16. Verify Hindi script buttons appear under the Hindi language bar.
17. Click the 'Davanagar (Nagari)' script button.
18. Click the OK button.
19. Verify the Tamil language appears as the Local Language.
20. Verify 'English (en)' language appears as National Language.
21. Verify 'Hindi(hi)' language appears as Regional Language.
22. Click the Restart button.
23. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
4. Click the Add Page button.
5. Verify the Add Page dialog box opens.
6. Click the “Just Text”  page.
7. Click the Add Page button.
8. Verify 'Just Text' page is added.
9. Hover the mouse over the page.
10. Verify ‘Tamil’ text box appears.
11. Click the language selector from the bloom toolbar.
12. Verify the language list box opens.
13. Select ‘English’ (second) language.
14. De-select ‘Tamil’ (first) language.
15. Click on the Text page.
16. Verify ‘Hindi’ text box appears.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic book.
2. Close Bloom application.
