---
id: 367
title: "Ensure Custom page & layout works fine with a tri-lingual book"
description: "(62) Ensure Custom page & layout works fine with a tri-lingual book"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-10-01
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Click the 'Other Collection' button.
3. Verify 'Open/Create Collections' dialog opens.
4. Click the 'Create New Collection' button.
5. Verify 'Create New Bloom Collection'  dialog opens.
6. Enter 'Tamil' in the Search box.
7. Verify Tamil language bar appears.
8. Click the Tamil language bar.
9. Verify 'Tamil' script box appears.
10. Click the 'Tamil' script box.
11. Click the Next button.
12. Verify Font and Script view appears.
13. Click the Next button.
14. Verify Give Language Location view appears.
15. Click the Next button.
16. Verify 'தமிழ் Books' appears as Collection Name.
17. Click the Next button.
18. Verify 'Ready to create New collection' pane appears.
19. Click the Finish button.
20. Verify a new collection 'தமிழ் Books' appears on the Collections view.
21. Click the Settings button.
22. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
23. Click the 'Change' link button under Regional Language.
24. Verify the Choose Language dialog opens.
25. Enter 'Hindi' in the Search box.
26. Verify  Hindi language bar appears.
27. Click the Tamil language bar.
28. Verify 'Devanagari (Nagari)' Script box appears.
29. Click the 'Devanagari (Nagari)'  script box.
30. Click the OK button.
31. Verify தமிழ் (ta) appears under the Local Language heading.
32. Verify English (en) language already appears under the National language.
33. Verify Hindi (hi) appears under Regional Language.
34. Click the Restart button.
35. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Click the Add page button.
6. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
7. Select 'Custom' template.
8. Click the Add page button.
9. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
10. Turn on the Change Layout toggle switch.
11. Click the Picture link button.
12. Verify Image box appears.
13. Hover the mouse over the page.
14. Click the (+) plus button.
15. Click the Text link button.
16. Verify Text Box appears.
17. Turn off the Change layout toggle switch.
18. Click the language selector (ie., One Language) on the toolbar.
19. Verify the language list menu opens.
20. Select the second language. (eg., english)
21. Select the third language. (eg., hindi)
22. De-select the first language. eg., tamil)
23. Turn on the Change layout toggle switch.
24. Click the gear icon near the Text Box.
25. Verify Text Box Properties dialog opens.
26. Select 'Collection Language 3 (hindi)' option.
27. Click outside of the Text Box Properties dialog.
28. Turn off the Change layout toggle switch.
29. Verify the Hindi Text box appears on the page.
30. Right-click on page 1 thumbnail.
31. Verify a context menu appears.
32. Click the 'Choose Different Layout' option.
33. Verify Choose Different Layout dialog opens.
34. Select 'Picture on Left' template.
35. Click the 'USE THIS LAYOUT' button.
36. Verify the layout is changed.
37. Turn on the Change layout toggle switch.
38. Click the gear icon near the Text box.
39. Verify Text Box Properties dialog opens.
40. Select 'Collection Language 2 (english)' option.
41. Click outside of the Text Box Properties dialog.
42. Turn off the Change layout toggle switch.
43. Verify the English Text box appears on the page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic book.
2. Close Bloom application.
