---
id: 369
title: "Ensure that derivative copyright stays on the Credit page"
description: "(81) Ensure that derivative copyright stays on the Credit page Read BL-7518 and follow procedures to ensure that derivative copyright stays"
issues:
  - https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-7518
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-19
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the “Basic Book” under the “Templates” area.
2. Verify that the  “Basic Book” template is displayed in the "Right pane".
3. Click the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify it opens in the "Edit" mode.
5. Click the "Front cover" page.
6. Type "Sample Book" in the "BOOK title in English" field.
7. Click the “Credits Page”.
8. Verify that the credits page preview is displayed in the right pane.
9. Click the “Click to Edit Copyright & License” hyperlink in the pink bubbles on the right side of the page.
10. Verify that the “Copyright & License” dialog box opens.
11. Type “John” in the “Copyright Holder” field.
12. Click the “OK” button.
13. Verify that the “Copyright & License” dialog box closed.
14. Verify that the Copyright Holder name “John” is displayed in the “Credits Page”.
15. Click the “Collections tab”.
16. Click 'The Moon and the Cap' book.
17. Verify that the "Moon and the Cap" book is displayed in the "Right pane".
18. Click the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
19. Verify it opens in the "Edit" mode.
20. Click the “Collections tab”.
21. Select the “Sample Book”.
22. Verify that the “Sample Book” preview is displayed in the "Right pane".
23. Click “EDIT THIS BOOK”.
24. Verify it opens in the "Edit" mode.
25. Click the “Credits Page”
26. Verify that the Copyright Holder name “John” is displayed in the “Credits Page”.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic book.
2. Delete The Moon and the Cap book.
3. Close Bloom application.
