---
id: 37
title: "Default Margins & Padding"
description: "Test case for Default Margins & Padding"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-09
last-modified: 2025-09-16
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click on the "Basic Book" Template from the Sources For New Book pane.
2. Verify that the "Basic Book" preview is displayed in the right-side pane
3. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify that the “Basic Book” opens in the Edit tab
5. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left corner of the page
6. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed.
7. Select the "Basic Text & Picture" Template under the “Basic Pages” section
8. Click the “ADD PAGE” button.
9. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is closed.
10. Verify "Basic Text & Picture" layout is displayed on the right side
11. Hover the mouse over the picture pane
12. Verify that the "Change Image" button is displayed
13. Click the "Change Image" button in the Picture pane
14. Verify that the "Image Toolbox" appears
15. Click on the search input under "Image Galleries"
16. Type "Car" on the search input
17. Click on the "Search" button
18. Verify that the search results are listed below the search input
19. Select an image from the search results
20. Click on the OK button in the "Image Toolbox"
21. Verify that the Car image is added to the page
22. Click the Text box in the "Basic Text & Picture" page
23. Verify that the light blue smart padding is displayed around the text box.
24. Enter the sentence "My name is Sunshine, and I have the best friend in the whole world. Her name is Reeva, and she’s a shiny blue bike. Together, we travel all over the world!" in the text box.
25. Verify that the added text in the text box should not merge with the Picture pane
26. Click the Publish tab
27. Verify that the BloomPUB button appears at the left pane
28. Click the BloomPUB button
29. Verify that "Publish as BloomPUB" page opens in the right pane
30. Click the "Preview" button in the "Publish as BloomPUB" page
31. Verify that the "Creating Digital Book" dialog opens and automatically closes once the loading is complete
32. Verify the book opens in the Preview pane
33. Click the Next button in the Preview pane
34. Verify that the added page which contains Text & Picture appears
35. Verify that the Margins of the text should not merge with Picture
36. Click the Collections tab
37. Verify that the Collections tab opens
38. Click on the "Sign Language" template from the "Specialized Templates" section
39. Verify that the "Sign Language" preview appears on the Right side pane.
40. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
41. Verify that the “Sign Language” book opens in the Edit tab
42. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left corner of the page
43. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed.
44. Select the "Picture & Video" Template under the Sign Language Pages” section
45. Click the “ADD PAGE” button.
46. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is closed.
47. Verify that the "Use your cameras" popup dialog appears with "Block" and "Allow" buttons ( Only for the first time )
48. Click on the "Allow" button
49. Verify "Picture & Video" layout is displayed on the right side
50. Hover the mouse over the picture pane
51. Verify that the "Change Image" button is displayed
52. Click the "Change Image" button on the Picture pane
53. Verify that the "Image Toolbox" appears
54. Click on the search input under "Image Galleries"
55. Type "Car" on the search input
56. Click on the "Search" button
57. Verify that the search results are listed below the search input
58. Select an image from the search results
59. Click on the OK button in the "Image Toolbox"
60. Verify that the Car image is added to the page
61. Click on the Video pane
62. Verify the "Sign Language Tool" menu opens in the right side
63. Click the "Advanced" button in the "Sign Language Tool" menu
64. Verify that the "Import" button displayed under the "Advanced" button
65. Click on the "Import" button
66. Verify that the "Open" dialog appears
67. Select the "SampleVideo.mp4" file from the system
68. Click the Open button
69. Verify that the Video file is added to the page
70. Click the Publish tab
71. Verify that the BloomPUB button appears at the left pane
72. Click the BloomPUB button
73. Verify that "Publish as BloomPUB" page opens in the right pane
74. Click the "Preview" button in the "Publish as BloomPUB" page
75. Verify that the "Creating Digital Book" dialog opens and automatically closes once the loading is complete
76. Verify the book opens in the Preview pane
77. Click the Next button in the Preview pane
78. Verify that the added page which contains Picture and video appears
79. Verify that the Margins of the Picture should not merge with video
80. Click the Collections tab
81. Verify that the Collections tab opens
82. Click on the "Big Book" template from the "Specialized Templates" section
83. Verify that the "Big Book" preview appears on the Right side pane.
84. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
85. Verify that the “Big Book” opens in the Edit tab
86. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left corner of the page
87. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed.
88. Select the "Custom" Template under the “Big Book” section
89. Click the “ADD PAGE” button.
90. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is closed.
91. Verify "Custom" page layout is displayed on the right side
92. Verify that the "Picture, Video, Text or HTML Widget" link buttons are displayed on the Custom page
93. Click the 'Picture" Link button
94. Verify that the Picture pane appears on the page
95. Verify that the ‘+’ symbols appear at the top-left corner of the Picture pane
96. Click on the "+" symbol at the top-left corner
97. Verify the Picture pane moves to the bottom of the page
98. Verify that the "Picture, Video, Text or HTML Widget" link buttons are displayed above the Picture pane
99. Click the 'Text' link button
100. Verify the "Text box" appeared above the picture pane
101. Switch off the "Change Layout" toggle button above the Custom page
102. Verify that the Edit mode is open on the Custom page
103. Click on the Text box in the Custom page
104. Type the text 'This is for texting' in the text box
105. Verify that the light blue smart padding is displayed around the text box.
106. Click on the Picture pane
107. Verify that three-dot menu option appear below the Picture pane
108. Click on the three-dot menu option
109. Verify that the dialog appear with list of options
110. Click on the "Choose image from your computer.." option
111. Verify that the "Image Toolbox" appear
112. Click on the search input under "Image Galleries"
113. Type "Car" on the search input
114. Click on the "Search" button
115. Verify that the search results are listed below the search input
116. Select an image from the search results
117. Click on the OK button in the "Image Toolbox"
118. Verify that the Car image is added to the page
119. Click the Publish tab
120. Verify that the "PDF & Print" button appears at the left pane
121. Click the "PDF & Print" button
122. Verify that "Publish to PDF & Print" page opens in the right pane
123. Click the "Simple" button under "Booklet Mode"
124. Verify that the "Progress" dialog opens and automatically closes once the loading is complete
125. Verify that the book opens in the PDF mode
126. Scroll down to the added Text & Picture page
127. Verify the Margins of the text should not merge with Picture
128. Click the Collections tab
129. Verify that the Collections tab opens
130. Click on the "Digital Comic Book" Template from the "Specialized Templates" section
131. Verify that the "Digital Comic Book" preview appears on the Right side pane.
132. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
133. Verify that the “Digital Comic Book” opens in the Edit tab
134. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left corner of the page
135. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed.
136. Select the "Basic Text & Picture" Template under the “Basic Pages” section
137. Click the “ADD PAGE” button.
138. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is closed.
139. Verify "Basic Text & Picture" layout is displayed on the right side
140. Hover the mouse over the picture pane
141. Verify that the "Change Image" button is displayed
142. Click the "Change Image" button on the Picture pane
143. Verify that the "Image Toolbox" appears
144. Click on the search input under "Image Galleries"
145. Type "Car" on the search input
146. Click on the "Search" button
147. Verify that the search results are listed below the search input
148. Select an image from the search results
149. Click on the OK button in the "Image Toolbox"
150. Verify that the Car image is added to the page
151. Click the Text box "Basic Text & Picture" page
152. Verify that the light blue smart padding is displayed around the text box.
153. Enter the sentence "My name is Sunshine, and I have the best friend in the whole world. Her name is Reeva, and she’s a shiny blue bike. Together, we travel all over the world!" in the text box.
154. Verify that the added text in the text box should not merge with the Picture pane
155. Click the Publish tab
156. Verify that the BloomPUB button appears at the left pane
157. Click the BloomPUB button
158. Verify that "Publish as BloomPUB" page opens in the right pane
159. Click the "Preview" button in the "Publish as BloomPUB" page
160. Verify that the "Creating Digital Book" dialog opens and automatically closes once the loading is complete
161. Verify the book opens in the Preview pane
162. Click the Next button in the Preview pane
163. Verify that the added page which contains Text & Picture appears
164. Verify that the Margins of the text should not merge with Picture

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete Basic book.
2. Delete Sign Language book.
3. Delete Big book.
4. Close Bloom application.
