---
id: 370
title: "Test an auto-migrations for EFL books and active brandings like Little Zebra and ensure they don't break"
description: "(91) Test an auto-migrations for EFL books and active brandings like Little Zebra and ensure they don't break"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-10-24
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Education-For-Life-xxxxx-xxxx' in the Subscription code. (Needs developer's approval)
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Close Bloom application.
2. Enter "https://bloomlibrary.org/book/caoj5M48Oy" in the browser window.
3. Verify the book opens in the Blorg.
4. Click the READ button.
5. Navigate to all the pages.
6. Verify the last page shows the EFL branding information.
7. Click the Back button from the browser window.
8. Click the 'Translate into your language - Download into Bloom Editor' button.
9. Verify Download complete dialog appears.
10. Click the OK button.
11. Verify the book opens in the Bloom application.
12. Verify that no migration or error message dialog appears when opening the book.
13. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
14. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
15. Click the Publish tab.
16. Click the BloomPUB button.
17. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
18. Click the Preview button.
19. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
20. Navigate to all the pages.
21. Verify the last page shows the EFL branding information correctly. (as it appear on the blorg site)
22. Close Bloom application.
23. Enter "https://bloomlibrary.org/book/B1YGzcJTML" in the browser window.
24. Verify the book opens in the Blorg.
25. Click the READ button.
26. Navigate to all the pages.
27. Verify the last page shows the EFL logo branding information.
28. Click the Back button from the browser window.
29. Click the 'Translate into your language - Download into Bloom Editor' button.
30. Verify Download complete dialog appears.
31. Click the OK button.
32. Verify the book opens in the Bloom application.
33. Verify that no migration or error message dialog appears when opening the book.
34. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
35. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
36. Click the Publish tab.
37. Click the BloomPUB button.
38. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
39. Click the Preview button.
40. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
41. Navigate to all the pages.
42. Verify the last page shows the EFL logo branding information correctly. (as it appear on the blorg site)
43. Close Bloom application.
44. Enter "https://bloomlibrary.org/book/Hb7VS191OD" in the browser window.
45. Verify the book opens in the Blorg.
46. Click the READ button.
47. Navigate to all the pages.
48. Verify the last page shows the EFL logo branding information.
49. Click the Back button from the browser window.
50. Click the 'Translate into your language - Download into Bloom Editor' button.
51. Verify Download complete dialog appears.
52. Click the OK button.
53. Verify the book opens in the Bloom application.
54. Verify that no migration or error message dialog appears when opening the book.
55. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
56. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
57. Click the Publish tab.
58. Click the BloomPUB button.
59. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
60. Click the Preview button.
61. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
62. Navigate to all the pages.
63. Verify the last page shows the EFL logo branding information correctly. (as it appear on the blorg site)
64. Enter "https://bloomlibrary.org/book/uqD7KBELrU" in the browser window.
65. Verify the book opens in the Blorg.
66. Click the READ button.
67. Navigate to all the pages.
68. Verify the last page shows the EFL logo branding information.
69. Click the Back button from the browser window.
70. Click the 'Translate into your language - Download into Bloom Editor' button.
71. Verify Download complete dialog appears.
72. Click the OK button.
73. Verify the book opens in the Bloom application.
74. Verify that no migration or error message dialog appears when opening the book.
75. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
76. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
77. Click the Publish tab.
78. Click the BloomPUB button.
79. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
80. Click the Preview button.
81. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
82. Navigate to all the pages.
83. Verify the last page shows the EFL logo branding information correctly. (as it appear on the blorg site)
84. Close Bloom application.
85. Relaunch Bloom application
86. Click the Settings button.
87. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
88. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
89. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
90. Enter 'Little-Zebra-xxxxxx-xxxx' in the Subscription code. (Needs developer's approval)
91. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
92. Click the Restart button.
93. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
94. Close Bloom application.
95. Enter "https://bloomlibrary.org/Little-Zebra-Books/book/TVZrgv19gy" in the browser window.
96. Verify the book opens in the Blorg.
97. Click the READ button.
98. Navigate to all the pages.
99. Verify the front cover page shows the Little Zebra logo.
100. Verify the title page shows Little Zebra branding.
101. Verify the last page shows the Little Zebra logo and branding information.
102. Click the Back button from the browser window.
103. Click the 'Translate into your language - Download into Bloom Editor' button.
104. Verify Download complete dialog appears.
105. Click the OK button.
106. Verify the book opens in the Bloom application.
107. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
108. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
109. Click the Publish tab.
110. Click the BloomPUB button.
111. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
112. Click the Preview button.
113. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
114. Navigate to all the pages.
115. Verify the front cover page shows the Little Zebra logo.
116. Verify the title page shows Little Zebra branding.
117. Verify the last page shows the Little Zebra logo and branding information.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete all EFL brand books.
3. Delete Little Zebra brand book.
4. Close Bloom application.
