---
id: 371
title: "Test with various page sizes and layouts with and without page numbers turned on"
description: "(92) Test with various page sizes and layouts with and without page numbers turned on"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-10-01
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click 'A Family Learns about Immunisations' book.
2. Verify 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button appear on the right pane.
3. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button.
4. Verify it opens the edit mode.
5. Verify the page appears in 'A5 Portrait' size.
6. Click on Page 1.
7. Verify the page number appears in A5 Portrait size.
8. Click the Page size and orientation pull down menu.
9. Click 'A5 Landscape' page size.
10. Verify the page number appears in 'A5 Landscape' size.
11. Click the Page size and orientation pull down menu.
12. Click 'A6 Portrait' page size.
13. Verify the page number appears in 'A6 Portrait' size.
14. Click the Page size and orientation pull down menu.
15. Click 'A6 Landscape' page size.
16. Verify the page number appears in 'A6 Landscape' size.
17. Click the Page size and orientation pull down menu.
18. Click 'A4 Portrait' page size.
19. Verify the page number appears in 'A4 Portrait' size.
20. Click the Page size and orientation pull down menu.
21. Click 'A4 Landscape' page size.
22. Verify the page number appears in 'A4 Landscape' size.
23. Click the Page size and orientation pull down menu.
24. Click 'A3 Portrait' page size.
25. Verify the page number appears in 'A3 Portrait' size.
26. Click the Page size and orientation pull down menu.
27. Click 'A3 Landscape' page size.
28. Verify the page number appears in 'A3 Landscape' size.
29. Click the Page size and orientation pull down menu.
30. Click 'B5 Portrait' page size.
31. Verify the page number appears in 'B5 Portrait' size.
32. Click the Page size and orientation pull down menu.
33. Click 'Letter Portrait' page size.
34. Verify the page number appears in 'Letter Portrait' size.
35. Click the Page size and orientation pull down menu.
36. Click 'Letter Landscape' page size.
37. Verify the page number appears in 'Letter Landscape' size.
38. Click the Page size and orientation pull down menu.
39. Click 'Half Letter Portrait' page size.
40. Verify the page number appears in 'Half Letter Portrait' size.
41. Click the Page size and orientation pull down menu.
42. Click 'Half Letter Landscape' page size.
43. Verify the page number appears in 'Half Letter Landscape' size.
44. Click the Page size and orientation pull down menu.
45. Click 'Half Folio Portrait' page size.
46. Verify the page number appears in 'Half Polio Portrait' size.
47. Click the Page size and orientation pull down menu.
48. Click 'Quarter Letter Portrait' page size.
49. Verify the page number appears in 'Quarter Letter Portrait' size.
50. Click the Page size and orientation pull down menu.
51. Click 'Quarter Letter Landscape' page size.
52. Verify the page number appears in 'Quarter Letter Landscape' size.
53. Click the Page size and orientation pull down menu.
54. Click 'Device 16x9 Portrait' page size.
55. Verify the page number appears in 'Device 16x9 Portrait' size.
56. Click the Page size and orientation pull down menu.
57. Click 'Device 16x9 Landscape' page size.
58. Verify the page number appears in 'Device 16x9 Landscape' size.
59. Click the Page size and orientation pull down menu.
60. Click '13cm Square' page size.
61. Verify the page number appears in '13cm Square' size.
62. Click the Page size and orientation pull down menu.
63. Click 'US Comic Portrait' page size.
64. Verify the page number appears in 'US Comic Portrait' size.
65. Click the Page size and orientation pull down menu.
66. Click '6x9 Portrait' page size.
67. Verify the page number appears in '6x9 Portrait' size.
68. Click the Page size and orientation pull down menu.
69. Click '6x9 Landscape' page size.
70. Verify the page number appears in '6x9 Landscape' size.
71. Click the Book Settings button.
72. Verify the Book Settings dialog opens.
73. Deselect 'Show Page Numbers' check box.
74. Click the OK button.
75. Verify there is no page number appearing on the page.
76. Click the Page size and orientation pull down menu.
77. Click 'A5 Portrait' page size.
78. Verify no page number appears in 'A5 Portrait' layout.
79. Click the Page size and orientation pull down menu.
80. Click 'A5 Landscape' page size.
81. Verify no page number appears in 'A5 Landscape' size.
82. Click the Page size and orientation pull down menu.
83. Click 'A6 Portrait' page size.
84. Verify no page number appears in 'A6 Portrait' size.
85. Click the Page size and orientation pull down menu.
86. Click 'A6 Landscape' page size.
87. Verify no page number number appears in 'A6 Landscape' size.
88. Click the Page size and orientation pull down menu.
89. Click 'A4 Portrait' page size.
90. Verify no page number appears in 'A4 Portrait' size.
91. Click the Page size and orientation pull down menu.
92. Click 'A4 Landscape' page size.
93. Verify no page number appears in 'A4 Landscape' size.
94. Click the Page size and orientation pull down menu.
95. Click 'A3 Portrait' page size.
96. Verify no page number appears in 'A3 Portrait' size.
97. Click the Page size and orientation pull down menu.
98. Click 'A3 Landscape' page size.
99. Verify no page number appears in 'A3 Landscape' size.
100. Click the Page size and orientation pull down menu.
101. Click 'B5 Portrait' page size.
102. Verify no page number appears in 'B5 Portrait' size.
103. Click the Page size and orientation pull down menu.
104. Click 'Letter Portrait' page size.
105. Verify no page number appears in 'Letter Portrait' size.
106. Click the Page size and orientation pull down menu.
107. Click 'Letter Landscape' page size.
108. Verify no page number appears in 'Letter Landscape' size.
109. Click the Page size and orientation pull down menu.
110. Click 'Half Letter Portrait' page size.
111. Verify no page number appears in 'Half Letter Portrait' size.
112. Click the Page size and orientation pull down menu.
113. Click 'Half Letter Landscape' page size.
114. Verify no page number appears in 'Half Letter Landscape' size.
115. Click the Page size and orientation pull down menu.
116. Click 'Half Folio Portrait' page size.
117. Verify no page number appears in 'Half Polio Portrait' size.
118. Click the Page size and orientation pull down menu.
119. Click 'Quarter Letter Portrait' page size.
120. Verify no page number appears in 'Quarter Letter Portrait' size.
121. Click the Page size and orientation pull down menu.
122. Click 'Quarter Letter Landscape' page size.
123. Verify no page number appears in 'Quarter Letter Landscape' size.
124. Click the Page size and orientation pull down menu.
125. Click 'Device 16x9 Portrait' page size.
126. Verify no page number appears in 'Device 16x9 Portrait' size.
127. Click the Page size and orientation pull down menu.
128. Click 'Device 16x9 Landscape' page size.
129. Verify no page number appears in 'Device 16x9 Landscape' size.
130. Click the Page size and orientation pull down menu.
131. Click '13cm Square' page size.
132. Verify no page number appears in '13cm Square' size.
133. Click the Page size and orientation pull down menu.
134. Click 'US Comic Portrait' page size.
135. Verify no page number appears in 'US Comic Portrait' size.
136. Click the Page size and orientation pull down menu.
137. Click '6x9 Portrait' page size.
138. Verify no page number appears in '6x9 Portrait' size.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete 'A Family Learns about Immunisations' book.
2. Close Bloom application.
