---
id: 372
title: "Test with Forum invitation dialog after installing Bloom"
description: "(97) Test with Forum invitation dialog after installing Bloom"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-10-01
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. With a fresh machine go to C:/Users/<name>/AppData/Local/SIL/Bloom.
2. Remove all directories that start with X.X.   (eg., 5.4, 6.2)
3. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Verify Bloom Notes & License dialog appears.
2. Click 'I accept the terms of the..' button.
3. Verify Open/Create Collections dialog opens.
4. Select an existing book collection. (eg., English Book Collection)
5. Verify 'Software Updates' dialog appears.
6. Select 'Just let me know about the new version' option.
7. Click the OK button.
8. Verify there is no 'Bloom Community Forum' dialog appears.
9. Click the Close button.
10. Verify the Bloom application closes.
11. go to C:\Users\UserName\AppData\Local\SIL\BloomX\VersionNumber
12. Verify user config file appears.
13. Open it in the Notepad application.
14. Verify the user.config file opens in the notepad application.
15. Press Ctrl+F keys.
16. Enter 'Forum' in the Find dialog.
17. Press the Enter key.
18. Verify 'ForumInvitationLastShown' name appears.
19. Verify the value of the setting "ForumInvitationLastShown" is set to the current date.
20. Set the date value to (two weeks before date)
21. Press the Enter key.
22. Verify 'ForumInvitationAcknowledged' name appears.
23. Set the value to 'False' (If it is not set to False)
24. Save the file.
25. Launch Bloom application.
26. Verify "Bloom Community Forum" dialog appears on the Bloom Editor.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Go to C:/Users/<name>/AppData/Local/SIL/Bloom.
2. Remove all directories that start with X.X.   (eg., 5.4, 6.2)
3. Close Bloom application.
