---
id: 373
title: "Uploading a book should update the progress bar and number"
description: "(98) Uploading a book should update the progress bar and message"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-10-01
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Type 'Environment Variable' in the Windows Search bar.
2. Verify 'Edit the system Environment Variable' option appears in the menu.
3. Click the 'Edit the system Environment Variable' option.
4. Verify System Properties dialog opens.
5. Click the 'Environment Variables..' button in the Advanced tab.
6. Verify the Environment Variables dialog opens.
7. Click the New button under System variables.
8. Verify New System Variable dialog opens.
9. Enter 'Sandbox' as the Variable name.
10. Enter 'true' as the Variable value name.
11. Click the OK button.
12. Launch Bloom application
13. Click the Settings button.
14. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
15. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
16. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
17. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
18. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
19. Click the Restart button.
20. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
21. Click the 'Other Collection' button.
22. Verify 'Open/Create Collections' dialog opens.
23. Click the 'Create New Collection' button.
24. Verify 'Create New Bloom Collection'  dialog opens.
25. Enter 'Tamil' in the Search box.
26. Verify Tamil language bar appears.
27. Click the Tamil language bar.
28. Verify 'Tamil' script box appears.
29. Click the 'Tamil' script box.
30. Click the Next button.
31. Verify Font and Script view appears.
32. Click the Next button.
33. Verify Give Language Location view appears.
34. Click the Next button.
35. Verify 'தமிழ் Books' appears as Collection Name.
36. Click the Next button.
37. Verify 'Ready to create New collection' pane appears.
38. Click the Finish button.
39. Verify a new collection 'தமிழ் Books' appears on the Collections view.

**Action Steps**

1. Verify the Language progress bar appears under the Collections tab.
2. Verify the total number of books appearing in the Language progress bar. (eg., 12 Tamil books on BloomLibrary.org)
3. Click a basic book under Sources for New books heading.
4. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
5. Verify it opens in the edit mode.
6. Paste ‘ராமன் கதைகள்’ in the Front cover title box.
7. Click the Credits Page thumbnail.
8. Verify the Credits page opens.
9. Click the Needs Copyright button.
10. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
11. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
12. Click the OK button.
13. Click the Add page button.
14. Verify the Add page dialog opens.
15. Click the 'Just text' template.
16. Click the Add page button.
17. Verify the 'Just text' template is added.
18. Click the Publish tab.
19. Click the Web button.
20. Select all the checkboxes under Agreements.
21. Verify SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG button is available.
22. Click SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG button
23. Verify Sign In / Sign Up dialog appears.
24. Click Sign in with an email button.
25. Enter valid email address in the Email box. (eg., shawn@eth.net)
26. Click the Next button.
27. Enter valid password in Password text box.
28. Click the Sign In button.
29. Verify UPLOAD BOOK(TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.OG) button appears.
30. Click the UPLOAD BOOK(TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.OG) button
31. Verify the Upload in Progress message appears.
32. Click View on Bloomlibrary button.
33. Verify the book opens in the bloomlibrary.org.
34. Click the Bloom application.
35. Verify there is a “In Progress” badge appearing on the book thumbnail.
36. Right click on the book thumbnail.
37. Verify a context menu opens.
38. Click More..option.
39. Verify ‘Update Thumbnail’ option appears.
40. Click on the ‘Update Thumbnail’ option.
41. Verify the ‘In Progress’ badge disappears.
42. Verify that the total count of books available in that language (or collection) should increase by one after the new book is successfully published. (eg., now the language progress bar shows  13 Tamil books on BloomLibrary.org)

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the System Environment Variable.
2. Delete the Book Collection.
3. Delete the Subscription code.
4. Close Bloom application.
