---
id: 374
title: "Double click on a book should directly open the Edit view"
description: "(99) Double click on a book should directly open the Edit view"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch the Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Verify that the ‘Sources for New Books’ section appeared on the lower left pane
2. Click on the “The Moon and the Cap” book under the “Sample Shells” section of the left pane.
3. Click on the ‘MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE’ button
4. Verify that the “Moon and the Cap” book appears in edit mode.
5. Click on the Collections tab.
6. Verify the ‘The Moon and the Cap’ book appears under Book Collections. (which appears at the top left pane)
7. Click on the “A Family learns about Immunisations” book under the “Sample Shells” section of the left pane.
8. Click on the ‘MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE’ button
9. Verify that the  book appears in edit mode.
10. Click on the Collections tab.
11. Verify the ‘A Family learns about Immunisations’ book appears under Book Collections. (which appears at the top left pane)
12. Click on the “Basic Book” under the “Templates” section of the left pane.
13. Click on the ‘MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE’ button
14. Verify that the  book appears in edit mode.
15. Enter ‘Test Book’ in the Front Cover title box.
16. Click on the Collections tab.
17. Verify the ‘Test Book’ book appears under Book Collections.
18. Click ‘The Moon and the Cap’ book thumbnail under Book Collections.
19. Verify the book thumbnail is selected.
20. Verify ‘The Moon and the Cap’ book preview appears on the right pane.
21. Double click on an unselected ‘A Family learns about Immunisations’ book thumbnail.
22. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
23. Click the Collections tab.
24. Verify the Collections view appears.
25. Right Click on ‘The Moon and the Cap’ book thumbnail.
26. Verify that it brings up a Context menu.
27. Verify ‘The Moon and the Cap’ book preview appears on the right pane.
28. Double click on the ‘Test Book’ thumbnail.
29. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete ‘The Moon and the Cap’ book.
2. Delete ‘A Family Learns about Immunisations’ book.
3. Delete ‘ Test Book  Close the Bloom application.
4. Close Bloom application.
