---
id: 375
title: "Ensure Bloom does not lose focus when switching from once collection to another"
description: "(101) Ensure Bloom does not lose focus when switching from once collection to another"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-23
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the "Other Collection" button from the toolbar.
2. Verify that the "Open/Create Collections" dialog box is displayed.
3. Click the "Create New Collection" button.
4. Verify that the "Create New Bloom Collection" dialog box is displayed.
5. Type "tamil" in the "Search by name, code, or country" field.
6. Verify "Tamil ta" is displayed.
7. Select "Tamil ta" in the "Choose Language" dialog box.
8. Verify that the scripts are displayed under "Tamil ta".
9. Select the script "Tamil".
10. Verify that the "Next" button is enabled.
11. Click the "Next" button.
12. Verify that the page navigates to the "Font and Script" page.
13. Click the "Next" button.
14. Verify that the page navigates to the "Give Language Location" page.
15. Click the "Next" button.
16. Verify that the page navigates to the "Collection Name" page.
17. Click the "Next" button.
18. Verify that the page navigates to the "Ready to Create New Collection" page.
19. Click the "Finish" button.
20. Verify that the Bloom application restarts.
21. Verify that "தமிழ் Books" is displayed in the left pane.
22. Verify that the Bloom does not lose focus.
23. Click the "Other Collection" button from the toolbar.
24. Verify that the "Open/Create Collections" dialog box is displayed.
25. Click on the “English Books” on the Open/Create Collections" dialog box.
26. Verify that the Bloom application restarts.
27. Verify that “ English Books" is displayed in the left pane.
28. Verify that the Bloom does not lose focus.
29. Click on the “Settings” icon on the toolbar.
30. Verify that the "Settings" dialog box is displayed.
31. Verify that the Bloom does not lose focus.
32. Click the ”OK” button.
33. Verify that the "Settings" dialog box is closed.
34. Verify that the Bloom does not lose focus.
35. Verify that the title bar is in grey color.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the “தமிழ் Books” cottection.
2. Close Bloom application.
