---
id: 376
title: "Branding name should be maintained after downloading a book for editing"
description: "(107) Branding name should be maintained after downloading a book for editing"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-10-01
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Type "https://dev.bloomlibrary.org/" in the browser window.
2. Press the Enter key.
3. Verify dev.bloomlibrary page opens.
4. Click the Sign In /Sign Up option.
5. Verify Sign In /Sign Up dialog opens.
6. Click Sign in with an email button.
7. Verify Sign In /Sign Up dialog opens.
8. Enter a valid email address in the Email box. (Use Collector account credentials)
9. Click the Next button.
10. Enter Password in the Password box.
11. Click the Sign In button.
12. Verify you are logged in as a Collector in dev.bloomlibrary.org. web page.

**Action Steps**

1. Click PRATHAM books.
2. Verify Pratham books page opens.
3. Click any book under Pratham books. (eg., How do Airplanes Fly?)
4. Verify the book opens on the web page.
5. Click the "DOWNLOAD INTO BLOOM FOR EDITING" button.
6. Verify a new instance of bloom opens.
7. Verify the thumbnail should display the downloaded badge under "Books From BloomLibrary.org" heading. (which appears on the lower left pane of the Bloom application)
8. Verify the "sources for new books" should be hidden.
9. Click the Settings button.
10. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
11. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
12. Verify 'This collection is in "Download for Edit" mode. The book has the same subscription setting as when it was las uploaded' message appears.
13. Click the OK button.
14. Verify the name of the collection should be "From Bloom Library-NAME OF BOOK" (eg., From Bloom Library - How Do Aeroplanes Fly)
15. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
16. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
17. Click the Credits Page.
18. Verify the Copyright shows the branding name.
19. Click the Collections tab.
20. Verify the Collections view opens.
21. Verify there is no other option to create a new book in this collection.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Logged out from dev.bloomlibrary.org.
2. Delete the downloaded book.
3. Close Bloom application.
