---
id: 378
title: "Create collection with a non-standard iso code  (like jmx-x-coi) in Bloom"
description: "(114) Test a collection with a non-standard iso code (like jmx-x-coi) in Bloom Test case for Create the collection with a non-standard iso code (like jmx-x-coi) in a version < 4.7, then open in a newer version"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-08-27
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Enter https://bloomlibrary.org/page/resources/all-bloom-installers in the browser window.
2. Verify the Installer page opens.
3. Click BloomInstaller.4.5.4.exe file.
4. Verify the BloomInstaller 4.5.4 is successfully downloaded.
5. Double click on BloomInstaller 4.5.4.exe file.
6. Verify the Bloom 4.5.4 is installed and opened on the desktop.
7. Click the Other Collection button.
8. Verify Open/Create Collections dialog opens.
9. Click the 'Create New Collection' button.
10. Verify 'Choose the Collection type' dialog appears.
11. Verify 'Local Language Collection' radio button.
12. Click the Next button.
13. Verify 'Choose the main language for this collection' dialog appears.
14. Enter 'jmx' in the Search box.
15. Verify a language list appears on the language pane.
16. Click the first one with language code 'jmx' (Mixtec, Wester Juxtalhuaca)
17. Click the 'Script and Variant' link button.
18. Verify the Script and Variant dialog opens.
19. Enter 'coi' in the Variant text box.
20. Click the OK button.
21. Verify "jmx-x-coi' non standard code appears near Script and Variant link button.
22. Click the Next button.
23. Verify the Font and Script dialog appears.
24. Click the Next button.
25. Verify Give Language Location dialog appears.
26. Click the Next button.
27. Verify the Project Name dialog box appears.
28. Click the Next button.
29. Verify 'Ready to create New collection' dialog appears.
30. Click the Finish button.
31. Verify the new book collection (eg., Western Juxtlahuaca Mixtec Books) opens in the Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Help button in the Bloom application.
2. Verify Help menu opens.
3. Click the 'Check for new version' option.
4. Verify 'A new version is available..' toast message appears at the bottom right corner of the page.
5. Click the Update now link.
6. Verify 'Downloading ..' message appears.
7. Verify 'Applying ..' message appears.
8. Verify 'Update for <new version> is ready'
9. Click Restart Bloom to Update link.
10. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
11. Verify Bloom appears with the latest version number.
12. Click the Settings button.
13. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
14. Verify the Local language appears with the non standard code. (eg., Western Juxtalhuaca Mixtec (jmx-x-coi)

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete new book collection (eg., Western Juxtlahuaca Mixtec Books).
2. Close Bloom application.
