---
id: 38
title: "Decodable and Leveled Readers Quick Tests"
description: "Test case for Decodable and Leveled Readers Quick Tests"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-09
last-modified: 2025-10-28
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the 'Change' link button under the Local Language field.
5. Verify the Choose Language dialog opens.
6. Type English on the Search bar.
7. Verify 'English' language appears under the search bar.
8. Click 'English' language.
9. Click the OK button.
10. Verify the 'English(en) language appears as Local Language.
11. Click the 'Change' link button under the National Language field.
12. Verify the Choose Language dialog opens.
13. Type 'french' on the Search bar.
14. Verify 'francais' language appears under the search bar.
15. Click 'francais' language.
16. Click the OK button.
17. Verify the 'francais(fr)' language appears as a National Language.
18. Click the Restart button.
19. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
20. Click the Settings button.
21. Verify English (en) appears as Local Language.
22. Verify francais (fr) appears as a National Language.
23. Click the OK button.
24. Verify the Setting dialog closes.
25. Clear out C:\Users\USERS\AppData\Local\BloomBetaInternal and C:\Users\USERS\AppData\Local\SIL\BetaInternalxxx)
26. Download English Decodable.Bloompack from \Bloom Team\Testing\Materials for Bloom Editor Testing\Decodable Reader Rapid Test Resources
27. Double click on English Decodable Bloompack from Downloads folder.
28. Verify the book opens in the Bloom application.
29. Download French Decodable Leveled 2024-05-07.Bloompack from \Bloom Team\Testing\Materials for Bloom Editor Testing\Decodable Reader Rapid Test Resources
30. Double click on French Decodable Leveled.Bloompack from Downloads folder.
31. Verify the book opens in the Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click 'Defined by Allowed Words' book under English Decodable heading which appears at the lower left pane.
2. Verify 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button available on the right pane.
3. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button.
4. Verify the book appears in the Edit mode.
5. Verify the Decodable Reader Tool menu is available on the right side of the view.
6. Verify 'Stage 1 of 11' appears on the Decodable Reader Too menu.
7. Click Page 1 page thumbnail.
8. Verify that Page 1 appears on the right pane.
9. Verify there should be no words highlighted.
10. Click Page 2 page thumbnail.
11. Verify the Page 2 appears on the right pane.
12. Verify there will be words highlighted if the stage is less than the page number.
13. Click the 'Next' button near the Stage heading.
14. Verify 'Stage 2 of 11' appears on the menu.
15. Verify there should be no highlighted words.
16. Click the 'Next' button near the Stage heading.
17. Verify 'Stage 3 of 11' appears on the menu.
18. Verify there should be no highlighted words.
19. Click on Page 2.
20. Type 'Tester' in the page.
21. Verify the word 'Tester' should be highlighted.
22. Click 'LR1: Levels 1-3 Word Lengths' book under French Decodable Leveled heading which appears at the lower left pane.
23. Verify 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button available on the right pane.
24. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button.
25. Verify the book appears in the Edit mode.
26. Verify the Leveled Reader Tool menu is available on the right side of the view.
27. Click Page 1 page thumbnail.
28. Verify that Page 1 appears on the right pane.
29. Click the Previous button subsequently near 'Level X of X' under Leveled Reader Tool menu.
30. Verify it shows 'Level 1 of 11' level.
31. Verify there should be only one highlighted word when set to Level 1.
32. Click Page 2 page thumbnail.
33. Verify the Page 2 appears on the right pane.
34. Click the Next button near 'Level X of X' under the Leveled Reader Tool menu.
35. Verify it shows 'Level 2 of 11'.
36. Verify there should be only one highlighted word when set to Level 2.
37. Verify the Page 3 appears on the right pane.
38. Click the Next button near 'Level X of X' under the Leveled Reader Tool menu.
39. Verify it shows 'Level 3 of 11'.
40. Verify there should be only one highlighted word when set to Level 3.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete Defined by Allowed Words Decodable Reader book
2. Delete LR1: Levels 1-3 Word Lengths Leveled Reader book.
3. Close Bloom application.
