---
id: 381
title: "Create a collection with unlisted language, Ensure no crashes"
description: "(117) Create a collection with unlisted language, Ensure no crashes"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-08-27
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Other Collection button.
2. Verify Open/Create Collections dialog opens.
3. Click the 'Create New Collection' button.
4. Verify Create New Bloom Collection dialog opens.
5. Click the CREATE UNLISTED LANGUAGE button.
6. Verify the 'Unlisted Language Tag' dialog opens.
7. Enter 'Santhali' in the Name text box.
8. Click the 'Country' dropdown list box.
9. Verify Country list opens.
10. Enter 'Ind' in the Country text box.
11. Verify 'India' appears in the Country list name.
12. Click India from the Country list name.
13. Verify the OK button appears.
14. Click the OK button.
15. Verify the name 'Santhali' appears under 'Display this language this way' text box.
16. Verify a Unlisted language code 'qaa-IN-x-Santhali' appears under the 'Display..' text box.
17. Click the Next button.
18. Verify the Font and Script dialog appears.
19. Click the Next button.
20. Verify Give Language Location dialog.
21. Click the Next button.
22. Verify 'Santhali Books' appears in the Collection Name dialog.
23. Click the Next button.
24. Verify Ready to Create New Collection dialog appears.
25. Click the Finish button.
26. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
27. Verify no crash happens during this process.
28. Verify 'Santhali Books' title appears under Collections view.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Close Bloom application.
