---
id: 382
title: "Create a collection with an ampersand its name and publish some books"
description: "(118) Create a collection with an ampersand its name and publish some books"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-08-27
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Settings button.
2. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
3. Click the 'Change' link button under Local Language.
4. Verify Choose Language dialog opens.
5. Enter 'Naskapi' in the Search box.
6. Verify Naskapi language bar appears.
7. Click the Naskapi language bar.
8. Verify 'Latin' Script box appears.
9. Click 'Latin' Script box
10. Verify 'Naskapi' name appears in the text box under 'Display this language this way' label name.
11. Click after 'Naskapi' name in the text box.
12. Enter '& Nask' in the text box.
13. Click the OK button.
14. Verify 'Naskapi&Nask (nsk-Latn)' appears under the Local Language name.
15. Click the Restart button.
16. Verify Bloom get restarted.
17. Click the Settings button.
18. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
19. Verify 'Naskapi&Nask (nsk-Latn)' appears under the Local Language name.
20. Click the OK button.
21. Verify the Settings dialog closes.
22. Click the Settings button.
23. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
24. Click the Project Information tab.
25. Verify the Project Information tab opens.
26. Click after the country name (eg., India) in the Country text box.
27. Enter '& Singapore' in the text box.
28. Click the Province text box.
29. Enter 'Tamilnadu & India' in the text box.
30. Click the District text box.
31. Enter 'Chennai & Tamilnadu' in the text box.
32. Click after the Book Collection name (eg., English Books) in the text box.
33. Enter '& Story Book' in the text box.
34. Verify the Restart button appears in the dialog.
35. Click the Restart button.
36. Verify Bloom gets restarted without showing any error message.
37. Click 'The Moon and the Cap' Shells from Sample Shells heading.
38. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears on the right pane.
39. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
40. Verify the Book opens in the Edit view.
41. Enter 'Naskapi' in the Front cover title box.
42. Click the Credits Page thumbnail.
43. Verify the Credits Page view opens.
44. Click the 'Needs Copyright' button on the page.
45. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
46. Enter 'Tester One' in the Copyright Holder text box.
47. Click the OK button.
48. Click the Publish tab.
49. Click the Web button.
50. Verify Publish to Web view appears.
51. Click all the three checkboxes under Agreements field.
52. Verify SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG button appears under 'Upload' heading.
53. Click SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG button
54. Verify Sign In / Sign Up dialog opens in a browser window. (eg., in dev.bloomlibrary.org site)
55. Click Sign in with an email button.
56. Enter a valid email id in the email id text box. (eg., shawn@eth.net)
57. Click the Next button.
58. Enter a valid password in the Password text box. (eg., B123456)
59. Click the Sign In button.
60. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK(TO DEV.BLOOMLIBARARY.ORG)' button appears in the Publish to Web view.
61. Click 'UPLOAD BOOK(TO DEV.BLOOMLIBARARY.ORG)' button
62. Verify the 'Upload Progress' message appears.
63. Wait for a few seconds.
64. Verify 'Finished' message appears.
65. Click the VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button.
66. Verify the book opens in dev.bloomlibrary.org site.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete The Moon and the Cap book.
3. Close Bloom application.
