---
id: 383
title: "Error saving a page when in Collection Settings"
description: "(119) Error saving a page when in Collection Settings"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-08-27
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click 'The Moon and the Cap' shell book under Sample Shells heading.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears on the right pane.
3. Click the MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
5. Click the Publish tab.
6. Click the PDF & Print button.
7. Verify Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
8. Click the Collections tab.
9. Verify the Collection view appears.
10. Click the Settings button.
11. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
12. Click the 'Advanced Program Settings' tab.
13. Verify the 'Advanced Program Settings' tab view appears.
14. Click the 'Automatically Update Bloom' check box. (to enable)
15. Click the OK button.
16. Verify there is no error message.
17. Click the Settings button.
18. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
19. Click the 'Advanced Program Settings' tab.
20. Verify the 'Advanced Program Settings' tab view appears.
21. Click the 'Automatically Update Bloom' check box. (to disable)
22. Click the OK button.
23. Verify the Settings dialog closes.
24. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
25. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
26. Click the Publish tab.
27. Click the Web button.
28. Verify Publish to Web view opens.
29. Click the Collections tab.
30. Verify the Collection view appears.
31. Click the Settings button.
32. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
33. Click the 'Advanced Program Settings' tab.
34. Verify the 'Advanced Program Settings' tab view appears.
35. Click the 'Automatically Update Bloom' check box. (to enable)
36. Click the OK button.
37. Verify there is no error message.
38. Click the Settings button.
39. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
40. Click the 'Advanced Program Settings' tab.
41. Verify the 'Advanced Program Settings' tab view appears.
42. Click the 'Automatically Update Bloom' check box. (to disable)
43. Click the OK button.
44. Verify the Settings dialog closes.
45. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
46. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
47. Click the Publish tab.
48. Click the ePUB button.
49. Verify Publish as ePUB view opens.
50. Click the Collections tab.
51. Verify the Collection view appears.
52. Click the Settings button.
53. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
54. Click the 'Advanced Program Settings' tab.
55. Verify the 'Advanced Program Settings' tab view appears.
56. Click the 'Automatically Update Bloom' check box. (to enable)
57. Click the OK button.
58. Verify there is no error message.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete The Moon and the Cap book.
3. Close Bloom application.
