---
id: 384
title: "Ensure Cancel button actually cancels any modifications the user made to Settings"
description: "(120) Ensure Cancel button actually cancels any modifications the user made to Settings"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-08-27
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Settings button.
2. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
3. Click the 'Change' link button under Local Language.
4. Verify Choose Language dialog opens.
5. Enter 'Tamil' in the Search box.
6. Verify Tamil language bar appears.
7. Click the Tamil language bar.
8. Verify Tamil script box appears.
9. Click the 'Tamil' Script box.
10. Verify the OK button gets enabled.
11. Click the OK button.
12. Verify தமிழ் (ta) appears under Local Language.
13. Verify the 'Restart' button appears on the Settings dialog.
14. Click the 'Cancel' button.
15. Verify the Settings dialog closes.
16. Click the Settings button.
17. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
18. Verify the modifications made in the Local Language have been cancelled.
19. Click the Settings button.
20. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
21. Click the 'Change' link button under Language 2.
22. Verify Choose Language dialog opens.
23. Enter 'bengali' in the Search box.
24. Verify Bengali language bar appears.
25. Click the Bengali language bar.
26. Verify Bengali(Bangla) script box appears.
27. Click 'Bengali(Bangla)' Script box.
28. Verify the OK button gets enabled.
29. Click the OK button.
30. Verify বাংলা (bn) appears under Languag 2.
31. Verify the 'Restart' button appears on the Settings dialog.
32. Click the 'Cancel' button.
33. Verify the Settings dialog closes.
34. Click the Settings button.
35. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
36. Verify the modifications made in the Local Language have been cancelled.
37. Click the Settings button.
38. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
39. Click the 'Set' link button under Language 3.
40. Verify Choose Language dialog opens.
41. Enter 'Hindi' in the Search box.
42. Verify Hindi language bar appears.
43. Click the Hindi language bar.
44. Verify Devanagari(Nagari) script box appears.
45. Click 'Devanagari(Nagari' Script box.
46. Verify the OK button gets enabled.
47. Click the OK button.
48. Verify मानक हिन्दी (hi) appears under Language 3.
49. Verify the 'Restart' button appears on the Settings dialog.
50. Click the 'Cancel' button.
51. Verify the Settings dialog closes.
52. Click the Settings button.
53. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
54. Verify the modifications made in the Local Language have been cancelled.
55. Click the Settings button.
56. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
57. Click the 'Set' link button under Sign Language.
58. Verify Choose Language dialog opens.
59. Enter 'en' in the Search box.
60. Verify the English language bar appears.
61. Click the English language bar.
62. Verify the OK button gets enabled.
63. Click the OK button.
64. Verify English (en) appears under Sign Language.
65. Verify the 'Restart' button appears on the Settings dialog.
66. Click the 'Cancel' button.
67. Verify the Settings dialog closes.
68. Click the Settings button.
69. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
70. Verify the modifications made in the Local Language have been cancelled.
71. Click the Settings button.
72. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
73. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
74. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab view opens.
75. Click on the Subscription code text box.
76. Double click on the subscription code.
77. Verify the subscription code gets selected.
78. Press the Delete key.
79. Verify the subscription code is deleted.
80. Verify the Restart button appears on the dialog.
81. Click the 'Cancel' button.
82. Verify the Settings dialog closes.
83. Click the Settings button.
84. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
85. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
86. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab view opens.
87. Verify the modifications made in this tab have been cancelled.
88. Click the Settings button.
89. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
90. Click the Advanced Program Settings tab.
91. Verify the Advanced Program Settings tab view opens.
92. Select 'Automatically Update Bloom' check box.
93. Verify a tick mark appears in the check box.
94. Click the 'Cancel' button.
95. Verify the Settings dialog closes.
96. Click the Settings button.
97. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
98. Click the Advanced Program Settings tab.
99. Verify the Advanced Program Settings tab view opens.
100. Verify the modifications made in this tab have been cancelled. (ie., no tick mark appear in Automatically Update Bloom checkbox)
101. Click the Cancel button.
102. Click the Settings button.
103. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
104. Click the Advanced Program Settings tab.
105. Verify the Advanced Program Settings tab view opens.
106. Select 'Team Collections' check box.
107. Verify a tick mark appears in the check box.
108. Click the 'Cancel' button.
109. Verify the Settings dialog closes.
110. Click the Settings button.
111. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
112. Click the Advanced Program Settings tab.
113. Verify the Advanced Program Settings tab view opens.
114. Verify the modifications made in this tab have been cancelled. (ie., no tick mark appear in Team Collections checkbox)
115. Click the Cancel button.
116. Verify the Settings dialog closes.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Close Bloom application.
