---
id: 385
title: "Multiple instances of Bloom running at the same time in a trilingual book"
description: "(135) Multiple instances of Bloom running at the same time in a trilingual book"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Click the Settings button.
2. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
3. Click the 'Change' link button under Local Language.
4. Verify Choose Language dialog opens.
5. Enter 'Tamil' in the Search box.
6. Verify Tamil language bar appears.
7. Click the Tamil language bar.
8. Verify Tamil Script box appears.
9. Select Tamil Script box.
10. Click the OK button.
11. Verify தமிழ்(ta) appears under Local Language.
12. Click the 'Change' link button under National Language.
13. Verify Choose Language dialog opens.
14. Enter 'Hindi' in the Search box.
15. Verify Hindi language bar appears.
16. Click the Hindi language bar.
17. Verify Devanagari(Nagari) Script box appears.
18. Select Devanagari (Nagari) Script box.
19. Click the OK button.
20. Verify मानक हिन्दी(hi) appears under National Language.
21. Click the 'Change' link button under Regional Language.
22. Verify Choose Language dialog opens.
23. Enter 'Telugu' in the Search box.
24. Verify Telugu language bar appears.
25. Click the Telugu language bar.
26. Click the OK button.
27. Verify తెలుగు (te) appears under Regional Language.
28. Click the Restart button.
29. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button is available on the right pane.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
4. Click the language selector from the tool bar. (eg. One Language)
5. Select the remaining two languages. (eg., Hindi and Telugu)
6. Paste "மரியாதை ராமன் கதைகள்" in the Front Cover Tamil Title box.
7. Paste "मदन हलवाई" in the Front Cover Hindi Title box.
8. Click Page 1.
9. Hover the mouse over Page 1 in the Edit view.
10. Verify three language text boxes appear under the picture pane.
11. Paste "ஒரு பாலத்தை கட்டுனாரு " in the Tamil text box.
12. Paste "गरमा गरम समोसे की खुशबू आते ही  ' in the Hindi text box.
13. Paste "మరి ఆ బండిని తోలే ఎద్దు సంగతి చెప్పాలా " in the Telugu text box.
14. Verify all the texts in the text boxes appear in red color.
15. Click the Tamil text box.
16. Verify the gear icon appears at the bottom left corner of the text box.
17. Click the gear icon.
18. Verify the Format dialog box opens.
19. Click the Characters tab.
20. Change the Font size to 22.
21. Click outside of the Format dialog box.
22. Verify the Format dialog closes.
23. Verify there is no red color text in all the three text boxes.
24. Click the Publish tab.
25. Click the PDF & Print  button.
26. Verify Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
27. Click "Simple" mode under Booklet Mode.
28. Verify the book opens in the PDF format.
29. Verify the Front Cover title appear in two languages (e.g., Tamil and Hindi)
30. Scroll down to page 1.
31. Verify the Tamil text appears under the image.
32. Verify the Hindi text appears under the Tamil text.
33. Verify the Telugu text appears under the Hindi text.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the English book. (eg., Our Home).
2. Close Bloom application.
