---
id: 386
title: "Test case to see different source languages when clicking on the language text box"
description: "(139) Test case to see different source languages when clicking on the language text box"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-23
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click on the “Settings” icon on the toolbar.
2. Verify that the "Settings" dialog box is displayed.
3. Click the “Change” hyperlink under “Local Language English (en)”.
4. Verify that the “Choose Language” dialog box is displayed.
5. Type "tamil" in the "Search by name, code, or country" field.
6. Verify "Tamil ta" is displayed.
7. Select "Tamil ta" in the "Choose Language" dialog box.
8. Verify that the scripts are displayed under "Tamil ta".
9. Select the script "Tamil".
10. Verify that the “OK” button is enabled.
11. Click on the “OK” button.
12. Verify that the “Restart” button is displayed on the “Settings” dialog box.
13. Click the "Restart" button.
14. Verify that the Bloom application restarts.
15. Verify that "English Books" is displayed in the left pane.
16. Click 'The Moon and the Cap' book.
17. Verify that the "Moon and the Cap" book is displayed in the "Right pane".
18. Click the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
19. Verify it opens in the "Edit" mode.
20. Click on page 1.
21. Verify English language is selected in the source bubble.
22. Verify that it shows English text in the source bubble.
23. In the source bubble select the “français” language.
24. Verify that it shows French text in the source bubble.
25. In the source bubble hover the mouse over the “(1)”.
26. Verify that “བོད་ཡིག” language is displayed in the source bubble.
27. Select the  “བོད་ཡིག” language.
28. Verify that it shows Tibetan text in the source bubble.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Moon and the Cap book.
2. Close Bloom application
