---
id: 387
title: "Check which font files are added to the epub"
description: "(167) Check which font files are added to the epub Check which font files are added to the epub. Currently only regular faces should be added. (An ePub is just a zip file. Unzip and look in the \"fonts\" folder.)"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-19
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click ‘The Moon and the Cap’ Shell book  under Shell Books in the Collections view.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears on the preview pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
5. Click the Publish tab.
6. Click the ePUB button.
7. Verify Publish as ePUB view opens.
8. Click the Save button.
9. Verify Creating ePUB..dialog opens.
10. Verify Save As dialog open.
11. Click the Save button.
12. Verify the book is saved into the Documents folder.
13. Click the Close button.
14. Verify Creating ePUB...dialog closes.
15. Press Ctrl+E keys to open the File Explorer window.
16. Click the Documents option from the left pane.
17. Verify the Documents folder opens.
18. Right click on the 'The Moon and the Cap.epub' file.
19. Verify a popup menu opens.
20. Click the Properties option.
21. Verify the The Moon and the Cap properties dialog opens.
22. Click the 'Change' button.
23. Verify 'How do you want to open .epub file ..'messasge appear in a dialog.
24. Select 'WinRAR' file format
25. Click the OK button.
26. Verify the ePUB file is changed to WinRAR zip file.
27. Right click on 'The Moon and the Cap.WinRAR.' file.
28. Verify a popup menu opens.
29. Click Open with option.
30. Verify a submenu appears.
31. Click the WinRAR option.
32. Verify the WinRAR window opens.
33. Click the Close button from the 'Please purchase WinRAR license' dialog.
34. Click the Extract to button from the winRAR toolbar.
35. Verify 'Extraction path and options' dialog opens.
36. Click the OK button.
37. Close the WinRAR window.
38. Open the Documents folder.
39. Verify 'The Moon and the Cap' folder appears.
40. Double click on the 'The Moon and the Cap' folder.
41. Verify the Content folder appears.
42. Double click on the Content folder.
43. Verify the Fonts folder appears.
44. Double click on the Fonts folder.
45. Verify the default fonts 'Andika-Bold, Andika-Regular' appear inside the folder.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete ‘The Moon and the Cap’ book.
3. Close Bloom application.
