---
id: 388
title: "Try atleast one ePUB on a phone, make sure it looks right and audio plays"
description: "(168) Try atleast one ePUB on a phone, make sure it looks right and audio plays"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-09
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Android Mobile is connected to the computer via USB cable.
2. Type 'https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9mtzsjs9jsvw?hl=en-US&gl=US' in a browser search bar.
3. Verify eKitabu e-reader page opens.
4. Click the Download button.
5. Verify eKitabu Installer file is downloaded in the system.
6. Double click on the 'eKitabu e-reader Installer' file.
7. Verify 'eKitabu e-reader..The latest version is installed' dialog box appears on the computer.
8. Enter 'eKitabu Reader app' in the Search box (in the Android Mobile).
9. Verify eKitabu Reader app appears in the given list.
10. Tap on the eKitabu Reader app.
11. Verify Install button appears.
12. Tap on the Install button.
13. Verify eKitabu Reader app Installed message appears.(in the Android Mobile)
14. Launch Bloom application
15. Click the Settings button.
16. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
17. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
18. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
19. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
20. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
21. Click the Restart button.
22. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click an eBook under Templates in the Collections view.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears on the preview pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
5. Enter 'ePUB on Phone' in the title box of the Front Cover.
6. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
7. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
8. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
9. Press the Enter key.
10. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
11. Click any of the Car images.
12. Click the OK button.
13. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
14. Click the Credits Page.
15. Verify the Copyright and License dialog opens.
16. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
17. Click the OK button.
18. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
19. Click the Add Page button.
20. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
21. Click the 'Just Text' template.
22. Click the Add Page button.
23. Verify the 'Just Text' is added.
24. Enter 'Molly, the milkmaid’s job was to milk the cows and sell the milk at the market. She started thinking about the things she would spend her money on.' on the text box.
25. Click the Hamburger button which appears at the top right corner of the page.
26. Verify the Talking Book Tool menu opens.
27. Verify the first sentence of the page gets selected and highlighted.
28. Press and Hold the Speak button.
29. Record ' Molly, the milkmaid's job was to milk the cows and sell the milk at the market.'
30. Release the Speak button.
31. Verify the Check button is enabled.
32. Click the Next button from the Talking Book Tool.
33. Verify the second sentence of the page gets selected and highlighted.
34. Press and Hold the Speak button.
35. Record 'She started thinking about the things she would spend her money on.'
36. Release the Speak button.
37. Click the Publish tab.
38. Click the ePUB button.
39. Verify Publish as ePUB view opens.
40. Click the SAVE button.
41. Verify Save As dialog opens.
42. Click the Save button.
43. Verify 'ePUB on the Phone' book is saved in the Documents folder.
44. Right click on 'ePUB on the Phone'.ePUB file.
45. Verify an option menu appears.
46. Click the Copy option.
47. Open Phone's Internal Shared Storage folder.
48. Paste the 'ePUB on the Phone'.epub file
49. Verify the .ePUB file is pasted on the Phone's Internal shared storage folder.
50. Open the eKitabu Reader app on the Android Mobile device.
51. Click on the Hamburger button which appears at the top left corner of the page.
52. Verify an eKitabu menu opens.
53. Click the 'Books on the device' option.
54. Verify ‘Books on the device’ page opens.
55. Click the (+) which appears at the top right corner of the page.
56. Verify the 'Recent Files' page opens.
57. Tap 'ePUB on the Phone'.epub file.
58. Verify 'ePUB on the Phone' book is added in the Books on the device page.
59. Tap the ‘Read’ button of the 'ePUB on the Phone' book
60. Verify the Front Cover page opens.
61. Wait for a few minutes.
62. Click the ‘Sound’ button which appears on the top right corner of the page.
63. Verify a popup menu open.
64. Tap the ‘START READING’ button.
65. Verify the page is automatically turned to the next page.
66. Verify the recorded voice should be played when the ‘Just text’ page is opened.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the ePUB file.
3. Delete the ePUB book.
4. Uninstall eKitabu application.
5. Remove USB Cable from the Android mobile to disconnect from the computer.
6. Close Bloom application.
