---
id: 389
title: "Export a book which contains Right to Left script and ensure that things look right"
description: "(169) Export a book which contains Right to Left script and ensure that things look right Set the settings:book making:special script settings to Right to Left. Export to epub and verify that things look right."
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-19
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Type 'https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9mtzsjs9jsvw?hl=en-US&gl=US' in a browser search bar.
2. Verify eKitabu e-reader page opens.
3. Click the Download button.
4. Verify eKitabu Installer file is downloaded in the system.
5. Double click on the 'eKitabu e-reader Installer' file.
6. Verify 'eKitabu e-reader..The latest version is installed' dialog box appears.
7. Launch Bloom application
8. Click the Settings button.
9. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
10. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
11. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
12. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
13. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
14. Click the Restart button.
15. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
16. Click the Settings button.
17. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
18. Click the Book Making tab.
19. Verify the Book Making tab opens.
20. Click the 'Special Script Settings' link under the first Default font type (eg., 'Default for English')
21. Verify Special Script Settings...dialog opens.
22. Select the first check box. (ie., This script is written right to left like Arabic, Hebrew, and Urdu.)
23. Click the OK button.
24. Click the Restart button from the Settings dialog.
25. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Enter 'The Golden Touch' in the Front Cover title box.
6. Click the Credits Page thumbnail.
7. Verify the Credits page opens.
8. Click the 'Needs Copyright' button.
9. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
10. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
11. Click the OK button.
12. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
13. Click the Add page button.
14. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
15. Select 'Just  Text' template.
16. Click the Add page button.
17. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
18. Click on the text pane.
19. Verify the cursor appears at the right side of the pane.
20. Enter ‘This is for testing purpose’ in the text pane.
21. Verify the text moves from right to left.
22. Click the Publish tab.
23. Click the ePUB button.
24. Verify Publish as ePUB view opens.
25. Click the Save button.
26. Verify Creating ePUB..dialog opens.
27. Verify Save As dialog open.
28. Click the Save button.
29. Verify the book is saved into the Documents folder.
30. Click the Close button.
31. Verify Creating ePUB...dialog closes.
32. Press Ctrl+E keys to open the File Explorer window.
33. Click the Documents option from the left pane.
34. Verify the Documents folder opens.
35. Double click on the  saved .epub file.
36. Verify the book opens in the eKitabu Reader.
37. Click the Previous button.
38. Verify the text page appears.
39. Verify the text appears in the Right to Left direction.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Basic book.
3. Uninstall eKitabu Reader.
4. Close Bloom application.
