---
id: 39
title: "Activity Pages"
description: "Test case for Activity Pages"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-09
last-modified: 2025-09-11
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click an eBook book.
2. Verify 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button available on the right pane.
3. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Click the Add Page button.
6. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
7. Click 'Choose Word from Image' page thumbnail under Games Pages heading.
8. Verify a warning message 'This feature requires a bloom subscription tier of at least "Pro" with Bloom Subscription Settings button.
9. Click on the 'Bloom Subscription Settings' button.
10. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
11. Verify Bloom Subscription tab opens.
12. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' on the Subscription code.
13. Click the Restart button.
14. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
15. Click the 'EDIT THIS BOOK' button.
16. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
17. Click the Add Page button.
18. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
19. Click 'Choose Word from Image' page thumbnail under Games Pages heading.
20. Click the Add Page button.
21. Verify the 'Choose Word from Image' page is added.

23      Verify that the page thumbnail is displayed in landscape mode under the "Choose a page size and orientation" section.
24. Click the Add Page button.
25. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
26. Click the 'Choose Image from Word' page thumbnail under Games Pages heading.
27. Click the Add Page button.
28. Verify the 'Choose Image from Word' page is added.
30. Verify that the page thumbnail is displayed in landscape mode under the "Choose a page size and orientation" section.
29. Click the 'Theme' dropdown list box which appears under the "Game Tool" menu on the right pane.
31. Verify Theme dropdown list opens.
32. Click the 'Red on white' option.
33. Verify the 'Choose Image from Word' page theme changes to Red on white.
34. Click the 'Theme' dropdown list box which appears under the Games Tool menu.
35. Verify Theme dropdown list opens.
36. Click the 'White and orange on blue' option.
37. Verify the 'Choose Image from Word' page theme changes to White and orange on blue.
38. Click the 'Theme' dropdown list box which appears under the Games Tool menu.
39. Verify Theme dropdown list opens.
40. Click the 'Blue on white' option.
41. Verify the 'Choose Image from Word' page theme changes to Blue on white.
42. Click on the text box under the title box .
43. Enter 'Puppy' in the text box.
44. Verify no overflow appears on the text box.
45. Click 'Choose Word from Image' page thumbnail
46. Verify the 'Choose Word from Image' page appears on the right pane.
47. Verify the page thumbnail orientation appears in Landscape in the Pages (left) pane.
48. Click the 'Theme' dropdown list box which appears under the Games Tool menu.
49. Verify Theme dropdown list opens.
50. Click the 'Red on white' option.
51. Verify the 'Choose Word from Image' page theme changes to Red on white.
52. Click the 'Theme' dropdown list box which appears under the Games Tool menu.
53. Verify Theme dropdown list opens.
54. Click the 'White and orange on blue' option.
55. Verify the 'Choose Word from Image' page theme changes to White and orange on blue.
56. Verify the theme color does not get changed.
57. Click the 'Theme' dropdown list box which appears under the Games Tool menu.
58. Verify Theme dropdown list opens.
59. Click the 'Blue on white' option.
60. Verify the 'Choose Word from Image' page theme changes to Blue on white.
61. Click on the 1st text box.
62. Enter 'jumping' in the text box.
63. Verify no overflow appears on the text box.
64. Click the Publish tab.
65. Click the BloomPUB button.
66. Verify Publish as BloomPUB page opens.
67. Click the Preview button.
68. Verify Creating Digital book dialog flashes on the screen.
69. Click the "Next page" button in the Preview.
70. Verify the 'Choose word from Image' page appears correctly.
71. Click the Next button in the Preview.
72. Verify the 'Choose Image from Word' page appears correctly.
73. Click the Edit tab.
74. Verify the Edit view opens.
75. Click the 'Device 16x9 Landscape' option from the Page layout dropdown box.
76. Verify the Page layout list box opens.
77. Click the 'Device 16x9 Portrait' option.
78. Verify the page layout is changed to 'Portrait' orientation.
79. Verify the page thumbnails orientation is changed to Portrait.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the eBook.
