---
id: 390
title: "Ensure that only fonts for the local and national language are embedded when the regional (L3) language is never used in the book"
description: "(170) Ensure that only fonts for the local and national language are embedded when the regional (L3) language is never used in the book"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-09
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Type 'https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9mtzsjs9jsvw?hl=en-US&gl=US' in a browser search bar.
2. Verify eKitabu e-reader page opens.
3. Click the Download button.
4. Verify eKitabu Installer file is downloaded in the system.
5. Double click on the 'eKitabu e-reader Installer' file.
6. Verify 'eKitabu e-reader..The latest version is installed' dialog box appears on the computer.
7. Launch Bloom application
8. Click the Settings button.
9. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
10. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
11. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
12. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
13. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
14. Click the Restart button.
15. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
16. Click the Settings button.
17. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
18. Click the 'Change' Link button under Local Language.
19. Verify Choose Language dialog opens.
20. Enter 'tamil' in the Search box.
21. Verify Tamil language bar appears.
22. Click the Tamil language bar.
23. Verify 'Tamil' script box appears.
24. Click on the 'Tamil' script box.
25. Click the OK button.
26. Verify தமிழ் (ta) appears as Local language.
27. Click the 'Change' Link button under National Language.
28. Verify Choose Language dialog opens.
29. Enter 'english' in the Search box.
30. Verify the English language bar appears.
31. Click the English language bar.
32. Click the OK button.
33. Verify English (en) appears as the National language.
34. Click the 'Change' Link button under Regional Language.
35. Verify Choose Language dialog opens.
36. Enter 'hindi' in the Search box.
37. Verify Hindi language bar appears.
38. Click the Hindi language bar.
39. Verify 'Devanagari' script box appears.
40. Click the 'Devanagari' script box.
41. Click the OK button.
42. Verify मानक हिन्दी (hi) appears as Regional language.
43. Click the Restart button.
44. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Settings button.
2. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
3. Verify தமிழ் (ta) appears as Local language.
4. Verify English (en) appears as the National language.
5. Verify मानक हिन्दी (hi) appears as Regional language.
6. Click the OK button.
7. Verify Settings dialog closes.
8. Click the eBook Templates under "Sources for new books” templates.
9. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears on the preview pane.
10. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
11. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
12. Paste 'ராமன் கதைகள்' in the  Tamil title box of the Front Cover.
13. Paste ‘The Golden Touch’ in the English title box of the Front Cover.
14. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
15. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
16. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
17. Press the Enter key.
18. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
19. Click any of the Car images.
20. Click the OK button.
21. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
22. Click the Credits Page.
23. Verify the Copyright and License dialog opens.
24. Click on the “Click to Edit Copyright and License” link button.
25. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
26. Click the OK button.
27. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
28. Click the Add Page button.
29. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
30. Click the 'Just Text' template.
31. Click the Add Page button.
32. Verify the 'Just Text' page is added.
33. Click the Language Selector.
34. Verify the language list menu opens.
35. Select 'English' language.
36. Verify the Language selector changes from “One Language to Two Languages"
37. Hover the mouse over the text box.
38. Verify there are two text boxes 'Tamil' and 'English' appear.
39. Click the Language Selector.
40. Verify the language list menu opens.
41. Select 'Hindi' language.
42. Verify the Language selector changes from “Two Language to Three Languages"
43. Hover the mouse over the text box.
44. Verify there are three language text boxes 'Tamil', 'English' and 'Hindi' appears.
45. Paste "ஒரு நாட்ட ஆண்டுகிட்டு வந்த ராஜா ரெண்டு கிராமங்களுக்கு நடுவுல ஓடுன ஆத்துக்கு நடுவுல ஒரு பாலத்தை கட்டுனாரு' in the Tamil text box.
46. Paste 'Molly, the milkmaid’s job was to milk the cows and sell the milk at the market. ' in the English text box.
47. Paste 'जानकीदास को व्यापार की गहरी समझ थी। पिछले चालीस सालों में मनोहरदास जी ने अपना व्यापार कई गुना बढ़ा लिया था।' in the Hindi text box.
48. Click the gear icon from the Tamil language text box.
49. Verify the Format dialog opens.
50. Click the Character tab.
51. Click the Fonts dropdown list.
52. Select ‘ABeeZee’ font.
53. Click outside of the text box.
54. Verify the Format dialog closes.
55. Click the gear icon from the English language text box.
56. Verify the Format dialog opens.
57. Click the Character tab.
58. Click the Fonts dropdown list.
59. Select ‘Amiri Quran’ font.
60. Click outside of the text box.
61. Verify the Format dialog closes.
62. Click the gear icon from the Tamil language text box.
63. Verify the Format dialog opens.
64. Click the Character tab.
65. Click the Fonts dropdown list.
66. Select Carlito’ font.
67. Click outside of the text box.
68. Verify the Format dialog closes.
69. Click the Publish tab.
70. Click the ePUB button.
71. Verify Publish as ePUB view opens.
72. Click the SAVE button.
73. Verify Creating ePUB dialog flashes on the screen.
74. Verify 'Save As' dialog opens.
75. Click the 'Save' button.
76. Verify the .epub book is saved in the Documents folder.
77. Double click on the .epub file.
78. Verify the book opens in the eKitabu application.
79. Click the Next button.
80. Verify the text page appears.
81. Verify the Tamil language (L1) and English (L2) are included on the page.
82. Verify the Hindi (L3) should not be included on the page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the ePUB file.
3. Delete the ePUB book.
4. Uninstall eKitabu application.
5. Close Bloom application.
