---
id: 392
title: "Ensure padding in react progress dialogue works fine (in ePUB)"
description: "(166) Ensure padding in react progress dialogue works fine (in ePUB)"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-08-28
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Right click on the Bloom Standard toolbar.
3. Verify an option menu appears.
4. Click the ‘Start Measuring Performance’ option.
5. Verify ‘Bloom Performance Measurement’ page opens in a browser window.
6. Click the Minimize button of the browser window.
7. Verify the browser window minimizes.
8. Click the Settings button.
9. Verify Settings dialog opens.
10. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
11. Type 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription Code text box.
12. Click the Restart button.
13. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Enter https://bloomlibrary.org/book/oio92dZiu0 in the browser window.
2. Press the Enter key.
3. Verify the book (eg., Aminata and the red spiky ball) opens in the web page.
4. Click the 'Translate into your language - Download into Bloom Editor' button.
5. Verify 'Here, it comes up' dialog appears.
6. Verify Downloading book message appears for a few seconds.
7. Verify Download complete dialog appears.
8. Click the OK button.
9. Click the Bloom icon which appears in the task bar.
10. Verify Bloom applications opens.
11. Verify the downloaded book appears on the right preview pane.
12. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
13. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
14. Click the Publish tab.
15. Click the ePUB button.
16. Verify Publish as ePUB view opens.
17. Verify the ePUB mode is set to ‘
18. Verify Creating ePUB dialog appears.
19. Click the ePUB button.
20. Verify Publish as ePUB view opens.
21. Click the Save button.
22. Verify Creating ePUB dialog appears.
23. Verify ePUB mode is set to 'Fixed -ePUB3'
24. Click the PREVIEW button.
25. Verify padding in the react progress dialog. (ie.,the progress view appear in Creating ePUB..dialog)
26. Click the Close button.
27. Verify the 'Fixed view' in the Preview pane.
28. Click the ePUB mode combo box.
29. Verify the list box opens.
30. Click 'Flowable' mode.
31. Click the PREVIEW button.
32. Verify padding in the react progress dialog. (ie., the progress view appear in Creating ePUB..dialog)
33. Click the Close button.
34. Verify the 'Flowable view' in the Preview pane.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete ‘ Aminata and the red spiky ball’ Book.
3. Close the Browser Window.
4. Close Bloom application.
