---
id: 393
title: "Copy and Paste Functionalities for Images on the Front Cover Page"
description: "(270) Exercise the Image Copy,Cut & Paste buttons on the Cover page"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-10-28
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book under Templates.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
4. Enter 'Test Book' in the Front cover title box.
5. Click the Collections tab.
6. Verify the Collections view appears.
7. Right click on the 'Test Book' thumbnail under Book Collections.
8. Verify a context menu opens.
9. Click 'Show in File Explorer'
10. Verify the book appears in the File Explorer window. (C:\Users\UserName\Documents\Bloom\Book Collections)
11. Double Click on the Book's folder.
12. Verify the book folder opens.
13. Verify a 'placeHolder' file appears in the folder.
14. Minimize the explorer window.
15. Open the Downloads folder. (eg., C:\Users\UserName\Downloads)
16. Open '01_03_16x9.png' picture file in the Paint application.
17. Press Ctrl+A to select the image.
18. Press Ctrl+C to copy the image.
19. Click the Front Cover page in the Bloom.
20. Click the ellipse (...) button.
21. Verify the option menu opens.
22. Click the 'Paste Image' option.
23. Verify the '01_03_16x9.png'picture image appears on the Front cover picture pane.
24. Click the ellipse (...) button.
25. Verify the option menu opens.
26. Click the 'Copy Image' option.
27. Open a Paint application.
28. Press Ctrl+V keys.
29. Verify the sample picture appears on the Paint application.
30. Click the ellipse (...) button in the Front cover image pane. (in bloom).
31. Verify the option menu opens.
32. Click the 'Delete' option.
33. Verify the image is deleted from the picture pane.
34. Open the Downloads folder. (eg., C:\Users\UserName\Downloads)
35. Open '02_10_16x9.png' file in the Paint application.
36. Press Ctrl+A to select the image.
37. Press Ctrl+C to copy the image.
38. Click on the Front cover picture pane. (in Bloom)
39. Click on the 'Paste image' button.
40. Verify the sample picture appears on the Front Cover picture pane.
41. Maximize the File Explorer window.
42. Verify that only one placeholder file is shown in the folder.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Sample pictures from the Downloads folder.
2. Delete the Basic book.
3. Close Bloom application.
