---
id: 394
title: "Test with importing images which have special characters"
description: "(271) Test with importing images which have special characters Try importing images which have special characters, esp. \"&\". Print PDF. Test Publishing. Test Restarting Bloom."
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-19
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download a sample picture from the internet. (eg., https://www.freepik.com/free-photos-vectors/sample) in the downloads folder.
2. Rename the picture file as ‘Sample-Picture&Image’
3. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
6. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
7. Click the File button.
8. Click the Change Image button.
9. Verify Choose Picture File dialog opens.
10. Click the Downloads option.
11. Verify the Downloads folder opens on the right pane.
12. Select the Sample picture.
13. Click the Open button.
14. Verify the picture appears on the preview pane.
15. Click the OK button.
16. Verify the Picture is imported into the Front cover page.
17. Click the Publish tab.
18. Click the PDF & Print button.
19. Verify Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
20. Click the Simple mode under Booklet Mode.
21. Verify the PDF book is created.
22. Verify the image appears correctly on the Front cover page.
23. Click the Close button.
24. Verify the Bloom closes.
25. Restart Bloom application.
26. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
27. Verify the image appears correctly on the Front cover page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Sample Picture.
2. Delete the Basic book.
3. Close Bloom application.
