---
id: 396
title: "Test Uninstall, download, and install latest Art of Reading"
description: "(273) Test Uninstall, download, and install latest Art of Reading"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-11
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Open Control Panel.
2. Verify the Control panel.
3. Click 'Uninstall a program'
4. Verify the Program and Features dialog opens.
5. Click 'Art of Reading Free latest version'
6. Click the Uninstall option.
7. Verify 'Art of Reading Free Uninstall' dialog opens.
8. Click the 'Yes' button.
9. Verify 'Art of Reading Free was successfully removed from you computer'
10. Click the OK button.
11. Verify the Art of Reading program is uninstalled from the Program and Features dialog.
12. Click the Close button.
13. Launch Bloom application.

**Actions Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Click the Change Image button on the Front Cover page.
6. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
7. Click the Image Galleries button.
8. Verify the Image Galleries search box appears.
9. Verify 'Download Art Of Reading Installer' link button.
10. Click on 'Download Art Of Reading Installer' link button.
11. Verify Bloomlibrary/page/resources /art-of-reading web page opens.
12. Click 'Download Art of Reading version latest  Installer' link button appears.
13. Verify 'ArtOfReadingFreeSetup3.3.exe' file appears on the Downloads folder.
14. Press Ctrl+E keys to open the File Explorer window.
15. Click the Downloads option from the left pane.
16. Double click on the ArtOfReadingFreeSetuplatest.exe file.
17. Verify 'Do you want to allow this app to make changes to your device?' dialog.
18. Click the Yes button.
19. Verify the Setup-Art Of Reading Free dialog opens.
20. Select the 'I accept the agreement' radio button.
21. Click the Next button.
22. Verify the Information page appears.
23. Click the Next button.
24. Verify Ready to Install dialog appears.
25. Click the Install button.
26. Verify 'Installing..' progress message appears.
27. Click the Finish button.
28. Verify the Install dialog closes.
29. Click the cancel button from the Image Toolbox dialog.
30. Verify the Image toolbox dialog closes.
31. Click the Close button.
32. Verify the Bloom application closes.
33. Launch Bloom application.
34. Click EDIT THIS BOOK from the right pane.
35. Click the Change Image button on the Front Cover page.
36. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
37. Click the Image Galleries button.
38. Verify the Image Galleries search box appears.
39. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
40. Verify the Car image appears on the preview pane.
41. Select a car image from the preview pane.
42. Click the OK button.
43. Verify the Car image appears on the preview pane.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Uninstall Art Of Reading file.
2. Delete the Basic book.
3. Close Bloom application.
