---
id: 397
title: "Ensure Preview of book's front cover shows the image as transparent (no white background)"
description: "(259) Ensure Preview of book's front cover shows the image as transparent (no white background)"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-08-15
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download 13.png image from Bloom testing folder (https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1EwuQha1TZns94KBY-3RdvDxLpJf-Gych) - (Needs Developer's approval)
2. Launch Bloom application.
3. Click the Settings button.
4. Verify Settings dialog opens.
5. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
6. Type 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription Code text box.
7. Click the Restart button.
8. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
9. Create Moderator User account in dev.bloomlibrary.org (Needs Developer's approval)

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button appear on the right pane.
3. Click the 'Make a book using this sources' button.
4. Verify it opens the edit mode.
5. Click the Front Cover page.
6. Click the Change Image button.
7. Verify the Image toolbox opens.
8. Click the File button.
9. Verify Choose Picture File dialog opens.
10. Click the Downloads folder from the left pane.
11. Verify the 13.png image appears in the Downloads folder.
12. Click the Open button.
13. Verify the image appears on the preview pane.
14. Click the OK button.
15. Verify the 13.png image appears on the front cover page.
16. Verify the 13.png image should not have a white background.
17. Verify the image should be transparent in the Picture pane.
18. Click the Copyright button (in red color) which appears at the top left corner of the image.
19. Verify the Copyright and License dialog opens.
20. Enter 'Tester One' in the Illustrator/Photographer text box.
21. Enter 'Tester Two' in the Copyright Holder text box.
22. Click the OK button.
23. Verify 'Picture Intellectual Property..' warning dialog opens.
24. Click the Yes button.
25. Verify the Copyright symbol appears in green color.
26. Click the 'Click to choose topic' link button which appears at the bottom right corner of the front cover page.
27. Verify 'Choose topic' dialog box opens.
28. Click the 'Story Book' option.
29. Click the Close button.
30. Verify 'Story Book' appears in the Front cover page.
31. Click the Credits Page thumbnail.
32. Verify the Credits Page opens.
33. Click the 'Needs Copyright' button.
34. Verify the Copyright and License dialog opens.
35. Enter 'Tester Two' in the Copyright Holder text box.
36. Click the OK button.
37. Click the Publish tab.
38. Click the BloomPUB button.
39. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
40. Click the Preview button.
41. Verify the image should be transparent in the BloomPUB preview.
42. Click the Publish tab.
43. Click the ePUB button.
44. Verify Publish as ePUB view opens.
45. Click the Preview button.
46. Verify the image should be transparent in the BloomPUB preview.
47. Click the Publish tab.
48. Click the PDF & Print button.
49. Verify Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
50. Click the Simple Mode button.
51. Verify the PDF file is created and appear on the page.
52. Verify the image should be transparent in the BloomPUB preview.
53. Click the Publish tab.
54. Click the Web button.
55. Verify Publish to Web page opens.
56. Click all the three empty checkboxes under Agreements heading.
57. Verify SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG button is enabled.
58. Click on SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG button.
59. Verify 'Sign In / Sign Up' dialog appears.
60. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
61. Verify 'Sign in with email'  dialog appears.
62. Enter a valid user email (eg.xxxx@eth.net) in the email text field.
63. Click the 'Next' button.
64. Enter a valid password (eg.,B1234567@u)in the password field.
65. Click the 'Sign In' button.
66. Verify UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG) button appears.
67. Click UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG) button
68. Verify 'Upload Progress' message appears.
69. Verify 'VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY' button appears.
70. Click on the 'VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY' button.
71. Verify the book opens in the dev.bloomlibrary site.
72. Click the READ button.
73. Verify book opens in the Bloom Player.
74. Verify the transparent image appears in the Front cover page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Basic book.
3. Delete the Moderator User account.
4. Close Bloom application.
