---
id: 398
title: "Add a picture from a black & white line drawing that that has been saved as a bmp, should convert to PNG and transparent"
description: "(263) Add a picture from a black & white line drawing that that has been saved as a bmp, should convert to PNG and transparent"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download a black & white line drawing from the given link: https://www.freepik.com/free-vector/hand-drawn-bird-outline-illustration_23179333.htm#fromView=keyword&page=1&position=0&uuid=bd059c9b-7d6d-4769-a2e0-c6f990c07faa&query=Bird+drawing
2. Extract the zip file.
3. Double click on the “hand-drawn-bird-outline-illustration” folder.
4. Verify “hand-drawn-bird-outline-illustration” folder opens.
5. Right click on the image.JPG file. (eg., bird.JPG)
6. Verify a popup menu opens.
7. Click the ‘Open with..’ option.
8. Verify Submenu opens.
9. Click the ‘Paint’ option.
10. Verify the .JPG file opens in the Windows Paint application.
11. Save the file as .BMP file.
12. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the "Basic Book" under Templates heading.
2. Verify the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button appears on the Right side pane.
3. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify the Basic Book opens in the Edit Mode.
5. Click the Change Image button in the Front Cover page.
6. Verify the Image toolbox opens.
7. Click the File button.
8. Verify Choose Picture File dialog opens.
9. Click the Downloads option from the left pane.
10. Verify the Downloads folder opens.
11. Select the .BMP image file.
12. Click the Open button.
13. Verify the image opens on the preview pane.
14. Click the OK button.
15. Verify the image appears on the Front cover picture pane.
16. Verify the White background of the image is removed and appears to be transparent.
17. Click on the Image.
18. Hover the mouse pointer over the image.
19. Verify the Name of the image appears with the .PNG extension. (eg., bird.png)

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete “hand-drawn-bird-outline-illustration” folder.
2. Delete the Basic Book.
3. Close Bloom application.
