---
id: 4
title: "Troubleshooting page for errors"
description: "est case for the Bloom application that displays the troubleshooting page when an error occurs"
issues: []
created: 2024-08-27
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Right click on the BloomBetaInternal icon from the Desktop.
2. Verify BloomBetaInternal Properties dialog opens.
3. Copy the Target Location.
4. Press Ctrl+E keys to open the File Explorer window.
5. Paste the location on the Search bar. (C:\Users\UserName\AppData\Local\BloomBetaInternal\app-6.2.3120)
6. Select the folder you just came from , it should have the format "app-[x].[y].[z]", where x.y.z is the Bloom version number.
7. Right click that folder.
8. Select Properties.
9. Click the Security tab.
10. Click Edit.
11. Select the current user.
12. Select “Deny” under Permissions for <username>
13. Verify it should automatically check every other box under Deny as well.
14. Click the Apply button.
15. Verify Windows Security dialog opens.
16. Click the Yes button.
17. Verify Windows Security dialog closes.
18. Click the OK button until the Properties window goes away.
19. Close Bloom application.
20. Download a different version of Bloom under the same channel. (eg., the most recent one).
21. Double click it to install it.
22. Verify an error message appears saying that 'there was an installation error".
23. Verify one of the buttons on it should link to a page on the community site titled "How to fix installation problems."

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Right click that folder. (eg., app-6.2.3120 from C:\Users\UserName\AppData\Local\BloomBetaInternal)
2. Select Properties.
3. Click the Security tab.
4. Click Edit.
5. Select the current user.
6. Select “Remove” under Permissions for <username>
7. Verify it should automatically uncheck every other box under Deny as well.
8. Click the Apply button.
9. Click the Yes button.
10. Click the OK button.
11. Close Bloom application.
