---
id: 40
title: "English Decodable (word lists define stages)"
description: "Test case for English Decodable (word lists define stages)"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-09
last-modified: 2025-07-31
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Clear out C:\Users\USERS\AppData\Local\BloomBetaInternal and C:\Users\USERS\AppData\Local\SIL\BetaInternalxxx)
2. Download English Decodable.Bloompack from \Bloom Team\Testing\Materials for Bloom Editor Testing\Decodable Reader Rapid Test Resources (needs developer’s approval)
3. Double click on English Decodable.Bloompack from Downloads folder.
4. Verify Bloom Pack Installation dialog appears.
5. Click the OK button.
6. Verify Bloom application opens (this indicates that the Bloom Pack installed successfully in the Bloom Editor).
7. Click the Close button.
8. Verify the Bloom application closes.
9. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click 'Defined by Allowed Words' book under English Decodable heading which appears at the lower left pane.
2. Verify 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button available on the right pane.
3. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button.
4. Verify the book appears in the Edit mode.
5. Click Page 1 thumbnail.
6. Verify there should be no Allowed words highlighted in the page.
7. Click Page 2 thumbnail.
8. Verify there should be Allowed words highlighted in this page.
9. Click 'Stage 1 of 11' under the Decodable Reader Tool menu.
10. Click the '>' button near 'Stage 1 of 11'
11. Verify 'Stage 2 of 11' appears.
12. Verify there should be no Allowed words highlighted in the page.
13. Click Page 3 thumbnail.
14. Verify there will be Allowed words highlighted in this page.
15. Click 'Stage 2 of 11' under the Decodable Reader Tool menu.
16. Click the '>' button near 'Stage 2 of 11'
17. Verify 'Stage 3 of 11' appears.
18. Verify there should be no Allowed words highlighted in the page.
19. Click Page 4 thumbnail.
20. Verify there will be Allowed words highlighted in this page.
21. Click 'Stage 3 of 11' under the Decodable Reader Tool menu.
22. Click the '>' button near 'Stage 3 of 11'
23. Verify 'Stage 4 of 11' appears.
24. Verify there should be no Allowed words highlighted in the page.
25. Click Page 5 thumbnail.
26. Verify there will be Allowed words highlighted in this page.
27. Click 'Stage 4 of 11' under the Decodable Reader Tool menu.
28. Click the '>' button near 'Stage 4 of 11'
29. Verify 'Stage 5 of 11' appears.
30. Verify there should be no Allowed words highlighted in the page.
31. Click Page 6 thumbnail.
32. Verify there will be Allowed words highlighted in this page.
33. Click 'Stage 5 of 11' under the Decodable Reader Tool menu.
34. Click the '>' button near 'Stage 5 of 11'
35. Verify 'Stage 6 of 11' appears.
36. Verify there should be no Allowed words highlighted in the page.
37. Click Page 7 thumbnail.
38. Verify there will be Allowed words highlighted in this page.
39. Click 'Stage 6 of 11' under the Decodable Reader Tool menu.
40. Click the '>' button near 'Stage 6 of 11'
41. Verify 'Stage 7 of 11' appears.
42. Verify there should be no Allowed words highlighted in the page.
43. Click Page 8 thumbnail.
44. Verify there will be Allowed words highlighted in this page.
45. Click 'Stage 7 of 11' under the Decodable Reader Tool menu.
46. Click the '>' button near 'Stage 7 of 11'
47. Verify 'Stage 8 of 11' appears.
48. Verify there should be no Allowed words highlighted in the page.
49. Click Page 9 thumbnail.
50. Verify there will be Allowed words highlighted in this page.
51. Click 'Stage 8 of 11' under the Decodable Reader Tool menu.
52. Click the '>' button near 'Stage 8 of 11'
53. Verify 'Stage 9 of 11' appears.
54. Verify there should be no Allowed words highlighted in the page.
55. Click Page 10 thumbnail.
56. Verify there will be Allowed words highlighted in this page.
57. Click 'Stage 9 of 11' under the Decodable Reader Tool menu.
58. Click the '>' button near 'Stage 9 of 11'
59. Verify 'Stage 10 of 11' appears.
60. Verify there should be no Allowed words highlighted in the page.
61. Click Page 11 thumbnail.
62. Verify there will be Allowed words highlighted in this page.
63. Click 'Stage 10 of 11' under the Decodable Reader Tool menu.
64. Click the '>' button near 'Stage 10 of 11'
65. Verify 'Stage 11 of 11' appears.
66. Verify there should be no Allowed words highlighted in the page.
67. Click Page 11.
68. Type 'Test'
69. Verify the new word 'Test' should be highlighted.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete English Decodable Reader Book.
2. Close Bloom application.
