---
id: 400
title: "Re-uploading books to Bloom Library (Automic Upload)"
description: "(187) Test Re-uploading books to Bloom Library (Automic Upload)"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-10-15
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom Collection.
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
10. Open a Book Collection.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Settings button.
2. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
3. Click the Book Making tab.
4. Select Traditional under Front/Back Matter Pack. (if it is not selected)
5. Click the Bloom Library Bookshelf drop down.
6. Select 'test-bookshelf-2'. (if it is not selected)
7. Click the Restart button.
8. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
9. Select 'Sample book' (or any book) under the Book Collection.
10. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
11. Click the Publish tab.
12. Click the Web button.
13. Verify Publish to Web page opens.
14. Check all the three checkboxes under Agreements.
15. Select the Visibility (Draft) Check box.
16. Click 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
17. Verify it opens the Sign In / Sign Up dialog.
18. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
19. Enter the registered email (with bloom) in the Email text box. (eg., shawn@eth.net)
20. Click the Next button.
21. Enter valid password in the password text box.
22. Click the Sign In button.
23. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button appears on the Publish to Web view.
24. Click 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' drop down list.
25. Select ‘UPLOAD THIS COLLECTION “ button.
26. Click the ‘UPLOAD THIS COLLECTION’ button.
27. Wait for a few seconds.
28. Verify that an updated message (eg., Uploaded 3 new books) appears on the command prompt dialog.
29. Enter https://dev.bloomlibrary.org/test-bookshelf-2 in the browser window.
30. Verify the test-bookshelf-2 page opens.
31. Click the Avatar which appears at the top right corner of the page.
32. Verify the profile menu opens.
33. Click My Books option.
34. Verify the My Books page opens.
35. Verify the uploaded books appear on the bookshelf.
36. Click the Close button.
37. Verify the browser window closes.
38. Click the Collections tab.
39. Verify the Collections view opens.
40. Select 'Sample book' (or any book) under Collections.
41. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
42. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
43. Click the Add Page button.
44. Verify Add Page dialog opens.
45. Select 'Just Text' picture.
46. Click the Add Page button.
47. Verify 'Just Text' page is added.
48. Enter 'This is for testing purpose' in the text page.
49. Click the Publish tab.
50. Click the Web button.
51. Verify Publish to Web page opens.
52. Check all the three checkboxes under Agreements.
53. Select the Visibility (Draft) Check box.
54. Click 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
55. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button appears on the Publish to Web view.
56. Click 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' drop down list.
57. Select ‘UPLOAD THIS COLLECTION “ button.
58. Click the ‘UPLOAD THIS COLLECTION’ button.
59. Wait for a few seconds.
60. Verify that an updated message (eg., Updated 1 book that has changed) appears on the command prompt dialog.
61. Enter https://dev.bloomlibrary.org/test-bookshelf-2 in the browser window.
62. Verify the test-bookshelf-2 page opens.
63. Click the Avatar which appears at the top right corner of the page.
64. Verify the profile menu opens.
65. Click My Books option.
66. Verify the My Books page opens.
67. Verify the  updated books appear on the bookshelf.
68. Click the PDF button.
69. Verify the book opens in the PDF format.
70. Verify the newly added text page appears on the page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Book Collection.
3. Close Bloom application.
