---
id: 402
title: "Test on Bloom library with Moderator Permissions"
description: "(213 ) Test on Bloom library with Moderator Permissions"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-10-15
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Enter 'Moderator Book' in the Front Cover title box.
6. Click the Credits Page thumbnail.
7. Verify the Credits page opens.
8. Click the 'Needs Copyright' button.
9. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
10. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
11. Click the OK button.
12. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
13. Click the Add page button.
14. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
15. Select 'Basic Text & Picture' template.
16. Click the Add page button.
17. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
18. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
19. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
20. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
21. Press the Enter key.
22. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
23. Click any of the Car images.
24. Click the OK button.
25. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
26. Click the Publish tab.
27. Click the Web button.
28. Verify Publish to Web page opens.
29. Check all the three checkboxes under Agreements.
30. Select the Visibility (Draft) Check box.
31. Click 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
32. Verify it opens the Sign In / Sign Up dialog.
33. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
34. Enter the registered email (with bloom) in the Email text box. (User Moderator Account Credentials)
35. Click the Next button.
36. Enter valid password in the password text box.
37. Click the Sign In button.
38. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button appears on the Publish to Web view.
39. Click 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' drop down list.
40. Select ‘UPLOAD THIS COLLECTION “ button.
41. Click the ‘UPLOAD THIS COLLECTION’ button.
42. Wait for a few seconds.
43. Verify that an updated message (eg., Uploaded 1 new book) appears on the command prompt dialog.
44. Enter https://dev.bloomlibrary.org/test-bookshelf-2 in the browser window.
45. Verify the test-bookshelf-2 page opens.
46. Verify the uploaded book (eg., Moderator Book) appears on the bookshelf.
47. Log out from the test-bookshelf-2 page.
48. Enter https://dev.bloomlibrary.org/test-bookshelf-2 in the browser window.
49. Click on the Avatar.
50. Click the Sign In / Sign Up option.
51. Verify it opens the Sign In / Sign Up dialog.
52. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
53. Enter the registered email (with bloom) in the Email text box. (User Collector Account Credentials)
54. Click the Next button.
55. Enter valid password in the password text box.
56. Click the Sign In button.
57. Verify you are logged in to the page.
58. Verify the test-bookshelf-2 page opens.
59. Verify the book (eg., Moderator Book) uploaded by the Moderator appears.
60. Click on the book thumbnail. (eg., Moderator Book)
61. Verify the book opens.
62. Verify 'You have permission to modify this book' dialog appears.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Moderator Book.
3. Close Bloom application.
