---
id: 404
title: "Resize bubble by pointing to any edge"
description: "(306) Resize bubble by pointing to any edge"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-02
---

# Steps

**Setup steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Verify that the ‘Sources For New Books’ section appeared on the left pane
2. Click on the ‘Basic book’ from the Templates
3. Verify that the template preview is opened
4. Click on the ‘MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE’ button
5. Verify that the template is opened in the edit mode
6. Click on the ‘Add Page’ button
7. Verify that the ‘Add Page…’ dialog opened
8. Click on the ‘Basic Text & Picture’ template from "Basic Pages" section
9. Click on the ‘Add Page’ button
10. Verify that the ‘Basic Text & Picture’ template is added to the book
11. Click the Menu button appeared at the top right corner
12. Verify that the toolbox panel opened with a "More.." button at the bottom
13. Click on the "More.." button
14. Select "Overlay Tool" check box
15. Verify that the "Overlay Tool" panel opens
16. Verify that the panel displays a collection of overlays
17. Drag and drop "Speech bubble" overlay on the picture pane
18. Verify that the "Speech bubble" overlay added to the picture pane
19. Hover the mouse cursor on the “Change Shape” button
20. Verify that the two side arrow appeared while hovering
21. Click any border of the "Speech bubble" overlay
22. Drag the bubble border towards the left/right side of the picture pane
23. Verify the four side arrow appeared during the dragging

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the basic book.
2. Close Bloom application.
