---
id: 405
title: "Resizing bubble should not disable move (hand)) icon"
description: "(307) Resizing bubble should not disable move (hand)) icon"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-02
---

# Steps

**Setup steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Verify that the ‘Sources For New Books’ section appeared on the left pane
2. Click on the ‘Basic book’ from the Templates
3. Verify that the template preview is opened
4. Click on the ‘MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE’ button
5. Verify that the template is opened in the edit mode
6. Click on the ‘Add Page’ button
7. Verify that the ‘Add Page…’ dialog opened
8. Click on the ‘Basic Picture & Text’ template from "Basic Pages" section
9. Click on the ‘Add Page’ button
10. Verify that the ‘Basic Picture & Text’ template is added to the book
11. Click the Menu button appeared at the top right corner
12. Verify that the toolbox panel opened with a "More.." button at the bottom
13. Click on the "More.." button
14. Click on the "Overlay Tool" check box
15. Verify that the "Overlay Tool" panel opens
16. Verify that the panel displays a collection of overlays
17. Drag and drop "Speech bubble" overlay on the picture pane
18. Verify that the ‘Change Shape’ icon is displayed on both the left and right sides of the ‘Speech Bubble’ overlay
19. Click the 'Change Shape' icon in the left side and drag it to left side
20. Verify that the ‘Speech Bubble’ overlay has been resized
21. Drag and drop 'Caption' overlay on the picture pane
22. Verify that the ‘Change Shape’ icon is displayed on both the left and right sides of the 'Caption' overlay
23. Click the 'Change Shape' icon in the right side and drag it to right side
24. Verify that the 'Caption' overlay has been resized
25. Drag and drop 'Text Block' overlay on the picture pane
26. Verify that the ‘Change Shape’ icon is displayed on both the left and right sides of the 'Text Block' overlay
27. Click the 'Change Shape' icon in the right side and drag it to right side
28. Verify that the 'Text Block' overlay has been resized

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the basic book.
2. Close Bloom application.
