---
id: 406
title: "Experiment with bubble types, add children etc."
description: "(309) Experiment with bubble types, add children etc."
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-16
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book under Templates in the Collections view.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears on the preview pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
5. Enter 'Test Book' on the Front cover title box.
6. Click the Credits Page.
7. Verify the Copyright and License dialog opens.
8. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
9. Click the OK button.
10. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
11. Click the Add Page button.
12. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
13. Click 'Just a picture' template under Basic pages.
14. Click the Add Page button.
15. Verify the 'Just a Picture' is added.
16. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
17. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
18. Enter 'Baby' in the Search box.
19. Press the Enter key.
20. Verify Baby images appear on the preview pane.
21. Click any of the Baby images.
22. Click the OK button.
23. Verify the Baby image appears on the picture pane.
24. Click the Hamburger button.
25. Verify the TBT tool menu opens.
26. Click the More..option which appears at the bottom of the pane.
27. Verify More..menu opens.
28. Select Overlay Tool Check box.
29. Verify the Overlay Tool menu appears on the image pane.
30. Click the Speech bubble.
31. Drag and drop the Speech bubble on the image pane.
32. Verify the Speech bubble appears on the image.
33. Click on the Speech bubble text box.
34. Enter 'Hi!' in the text box.
35. Click outside of the text box.
36. Click the Speech bubble.
37. Verify the Style menu enabled under the Overlay Tool menu.
38. Verify the Speech Style is already selected.
39. Click the Style dropdown list.
40. Verify the Style list box opens.
41. Select 'Exclamation' style.
42. Verify the Speech bubble style changed to Exclamation bubble.
43. Click the Style dropdown list.
44. Verify the Style list box opens.
45. Select 'Just Text' style.
46. Verify the Exclamation bubble style changed to Just Text box.
47. Click the Style dropdown list.
48. Verify the Style list box opens.
49. Select 'Ellipse' style.
50. Verify the Just Text box bubble style changed to Ellipse bubble type.
51. Click the Style dropdown list.
52. Verify the Style list box.
53. Select 'Thought' style.
54. Verify the Ellipse bubble style changed to Thought bubble type.
55. Click the Style dropdown list.
56. Verify the Style list box opens.
57. Select 'Circle' style.
58. Verify the Thought bubble style changed to Circle bubble type.
59. Click the Style dropdown list.
60. Verify the Style list box opens.
61. Select 'Caption' style.
62. Verify the Circle bubble style changed to Caption bubble.
63. Click the Style dropdown list.
64. Verify the Style list box opens.
65. Select 'Rectangle' style.
66. Verify the Caption bubble style changed to Rectangle bubble.
67. Click the Style dropdown list.
68. Verify the Style list box opens.
69. Select 'Speech' style.
70. Verify the  Rectangle bubble style changed to Speech bubble type.
71. Click the Speech bubble.
72. Verify there is an option tool box appearing on the Speech bubble.
73. Click the ellipse button.
74. Verify a popup menu opens.
75. Click the 'Add Child Bubble' option.
76. Verify a child bubble is added to the speech bubble.
77. Click on the child bubble text box.
78. Enter 'Hello!' in the text box.
79. Verify the entered word appears on the Child bubble.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Test book.
3. Close Bloom application.
