---
id: 407
title: "Paste text into bubble while zoomed"
description: "(310) Paste text into bubble while zoomed"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-16
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book under Templates in the Collections view.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears on the preview pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
5. Enter 'Test Book' on the Front cover title box.
6. Click the Credits Page.
7. Verify the Copyright and License dialog opens.
8. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
9. Click the OK button.
10. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
11. Click the Add Page button.
12. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
13. Click 'Just a picture' template under Basic pages.
14. Click the Add Page button.
15. Verify the 'Just a Picture' is added.
16. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
17. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
18. Enter 'Baby' in the Search box.
19. Press the Enter key.
20. Verify Baby images appear on the preview pane.
21. Click any of the Baby images.
22. Click the OK button.
23. Verify the Baby image appears on the picture pane.
24. Click the Hamburger button.
25. Verify the TBT tool menu opens.
26. Click the More..option which appears at the bottom of the pane.
27. Verify More..menu opens.
28. Select Overlay Tool Check box.
29. Verify the Overlay Tool menu appears on the image pane.
30. Click on the Image pane.
31. Verify an option tool box appears under the picture.
32. Click the ellipse button.
33. Verify a popup menu opens.
34. Click the 'Expand image to fill space' option.
35. Verify the picture fills the page.
36. Click the zoom in (+) button to 200%.
37. Verify that the entire image appears on the Edit view.
38. Drag a Speech bubble over the image.
39. Verify the Speech bubble appears over the image.
40. Click the Speech bubble text box.
41. Paste the text 'We are all doomed' in the text box.
42. Verify the entered text appears correctly inside the Speech bubble.
43. Click the zoom in (+) button to 220%
44. Verify the entered text appears correctly inside the Speech bubble.
45. Click the zoom out (-) button to 100%
46. Verify the entered text appears correctly inside the Speech bubble.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Test book.
3. Close Bloom application.
