---
id: 409
title: "Test thumbnails for comics"
description: "(313) Test thumbnails for comics"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-16
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book under Templates in the Collections view.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears on the preview pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
5. Enter 'Test Book' on the Front cover title box.
6. Click the Credits Page.
7. Verify the Copyright and License dialog opens.
8. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
9. Click the OK button.
10. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
11. Click the Add Page button.
12. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
13. Click 'Just a picture' template under Basic pages.
14. Click the Add Page button.
15. Verify the 'Just a Picture' is added.
16. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
17. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
18. Enter 'Baby' in the Search box.
19. Press the Enter key.
20. Verify Baby images appear on the preview pane.
21. Click any of the Baby images.
22. Click the OK button.
23. Verify the Baby image appears on the picture pane.
24. Click the Hamburger button.
25. Verify the TBT tool menu opens.
26. Click the More..option which appears at the bottom of the pane.
27. Verify More..menu opens.
28. Select Overlay Tool Check box.
29. Verify the Overlay Tool menu appears on the image pane.
30. Click the Speech bubble.
31. Drag and drop the Speech bubble on the image pane.
32. Verify the Speech bubble appears on the image.
33. Click on the Speech bubble text box.
34. Enter ‘Hello!’ in the text box.
35. Click outside of the bubble.
36. Verify the entered text appears inside the bubble.
37. Click on Page thumbnail 1 under the Pages pane.
38. Verify the Page 1 thumbnail shows the speech bubble in the thumbnail.
39. Click the Add Page button.
40. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
41. Select  'Basic Text & Picture' template under Basic pages.
42. Click the Add Page button.
43. Verify the ''Basic Text & Picture' page is added.
44. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
45. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
46. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
47. Press the Enter key.
48. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
49. Click any of the Car images.
50. Click the OK button.
51. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
52. Click the Speech bubble from the Overlay Tool menu.
53. Drag and drop the Speech bubble on the image pane.
54. Verify the Speech bubble appears on the image.
55. Click on the Speech bubble text box.
56. Enter ‘This is a Car’ in the text box.
57. Click outside of the speech bubble.
58. Verify the entered text appears inside the bubble.
59. Click  on Page thumbnail 2 under the Pages pane.
60. Verify the Page 2 thumbnail shows the speech bubble in the thumbnail.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Test book.
3. Close Bloom application.
