---
id: 41
title: "Changing UI language several times"
description: "Test case for Changing UI language several times (willing to live with BL-12393) Note: willing to Live with BL-12393 and BL-12807"
issues:
  - [BL-12393](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-12393)
  - [BL-12807](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-12807)
created: 2024-09-09
last-modified: 2025-08-15
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Click the 'Bloom Subscription Settings' button.
3. Verify the ‘Bloom Subscription’ tab opens.
4. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
5. Verify the Restart button appears.
6. Click the Restart button.
7. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
8. Click the 'English ' UI option which appears at the top right corner of the page.
9. Verify the UI language list appears.
10. Click the ‘Show translations which have not been approved yet’ option. (to enable the option)
11. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the 'English ' UI option which appears at the top right corner of the page.
2. Verify the UI language list appears.
3. Click the 'francais' option.
4. Verify all the strings are localized immediately.
5. Click the 'Autre collection' (eg., Other Collection) button from the toolbar.
6. Verify the ‘Ouvrir/Créer des collections’ (ie., Open / Create Collections)dialog opens.
7. Verify the UI language appears in French language.
8. Click the 'francais' UI dropdown list box.
9. Verify the language list opens.
10. Click the 'English' option.
11. Verify the English UI appears in the Open / Create Collections dialog.
12. Click the Close button.
13. Verify the Open / Create Collections dialog box closes.
14. Click the 'francais ' UI option which appears at the top right corner of the page.
15. Verify the UI language list appears.
16. Click the 'Hindi' option.
17. Verify all strings are localized immediately.
18. Click the 'अन्य संग्रह' (eg., Other Collection)  button from the toolbar.
19. Verify the (eg.,)  संग्रह खोलें / बनाएँ  (eg., Open / Create Collections)  dialog opens.
20. Verify the UI language appears in हिन्दी (eg., Hindi) language.
21. Click the  ( हिन्दी (eg., Hindi) UI dropdown list box.
22. Verify the language list opens.
23. Click the 'English' option.
24. Verify the English UI appears in the Open / Create Collections dialog.
25. Click the Close button.
26. Verify the Open / Create Collections dialog closes.
27. Click 'Hindi (eg., हिन्दी)' UI option which appears at the top right corner of the page.
28. Verify the UI language list appears.
29. Click the 'espanol' option.
30. Verify all the strings are localized immediately.
31. Click the 'otra colección' (eg., Other Collection) button from the toolbar.
32. Verify the eg.,(Abrir/Crear colecciones) (eg.,Open / Create Collections) dialog opens.
33. Verify the UI language appears in Spanish language.
34. Click the 'español' UI dropdown list box.
35. Verify the language list opens.
36. Click the 'English' option.
37. Verify the English UI appears in the Open / Create Collections dialog.
38. Click the Close button.
39. Verify the Open / Create Collections dialog closes.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Click the UI option which appears at the top right corner of the page.
2. Verify the UI language list opens.
3. Click the ‘Show translations which have not been approved yet’ option. (to disable the option)
4. Delete the Subscription Code.
5. Close Bloom application.
