---
id: 411
title: "With a Device 16x9 in Edit, scroll bars should not appear in BloomPUB preview"
description: "(315) With a Device 16x9 in Edit, scroll bars should not appear in BloomPUB preview"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-16
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click an eBook under Templates in the Collections view.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears on the preview pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
5. Click the ‘Device 16x9 Landscape’ option from the page layout list box.
6. Verify the page layout list box opens.
7. Select ‘Device 16x9 Portrait’ option.
8. Verify the page orientation is changed to Portrait orientation.
9. Click the Front cover page thumbnail.
10. Verify the Front cover page appears on the Edit view.
11. Enter 'Test Book' on the Front cover title box.
12. Click the Credits Page.
13. Verify the Copyright and License dialog opens.
14. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
15. Click the OK button.
16. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
17. Click the Add Page button.
18. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
19. Select 'Basic Text & Picture' template under Basic pages.
20. Click the Add Page button.
21. Verify the ''Basic Text & Picture' page is added.
22. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
23. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
24. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
25. Press the Enter key.
26. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
27. Click any of the Baby images.
28. Click the OK button.
29. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
30. Click the Hamburger button.
31. Verify the TBT tool menu opens.
32. Click the More..option which appears at the bottom of the pane.
33. Verify More..menu opens.
34. Select Overlay Tool Check box.
35. Verify the Overlay Tool menu appears on the image pane.
36. Click the Speech bubble.
37. Drag and drop the Speech bubble on the image pane.
38. Verify the Speech bubble appears on the image.
39. Click the text pane under the Image page.
40. Enter ‘This is a Car Image’ in the text box.
41. Click the Publish tab.
42. Click the BloomPUB button.
43. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
44. Click the Preview button.
45. Verify the book opens in the Preview pane.
46. Click the Next button in the preview pane.
47. Verify there is no scroll bar appearing on the page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Test book.
3. Close Bloom application.
