---
id: 412
title: "Once a child bubble is occluded and you release it, the handle should be visible and functional"
description: "(316) Once a child bubble is occluded and you release it, the handle should be visible and functional"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-10-28
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic Book under Templates.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
4. Click the Add page button.
5. Verify the Add page dialog opens.
6. Select 'Just a Picture' template under Basic Pages.
7. Click the Add page button.
8. Verify the Picture page is added.
9. Click the Picture pane.
10. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
11. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
12. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
13. Press the Enter key.
14. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
15. Click any of the Car images.
16. Click the OK button.
17. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
18. Click the Hamburger button.
19. Verify the TBT menu opens.
20. Click the More buttons which appear at the bottom right corner of the window.
21. Verify the More option menu opens.
22. Select Overlay Tools check box.
23. Verify Overlay Tools menu opens.
24. Drag and drop speech bubble overlay onto the picture pane.
25. Verify the speech bubble overlay appears on the picture pane.
26. Click the ellipse (...) button on the speech bubble.
27. Verify an option menu appears on the screen.
28. Click Add Child bubble option.
29. Verify the Child bubble is added to the Speech bubble.
30. Click on the Parent Speech bubble.
31. Drag it towards the right.
32. Verify that no hand icon appears; instead, a (+) symbol should be displayed.
33. Verify the parent speech bubble is moved to the right direction.
34. Click on the Child speech bubble.
35. Drag it towards the left.
36. Verify that no hand icon appears; instead, a (+) symbol should be displayed.
37. Verify the Child bubble is moved to the left direction.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Basic book.
3. Close Bloom application.
