---
id: 413
title: "Attempt to publish a comic book to ePUB"
description: "(317) Attempt to publish a comic book to ePUB"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-16
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Type 'https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9mtzsjs9jsvw?hl=en-US&gl=US' in a browser search bar.
2. Verify eKitabu e-reader page opens.
3. Click the Download button.
4. Verify eKitabu Installer file is downloaded in the system.
5. Double click on the 'eKitabu e-reader Installer' file.
6. Verify 'eKitabu e-reader..The latest version is installed' dialog box appears.
7. Launch Bloom application
8. Click the Settings button.
9. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
10. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
11. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
12. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
13. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
14. Click the Restart button.
15. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book under Templates in the Collections view.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears on the preview pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
5. Enter 'Test Book' on the Front cover title box.
6. Click the Credits Page.
7. Verify the Copyright and License dialog opens.
8. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
9. Click the OK button.
10. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
11. Click the Add Page button.
12. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
13. Click 'Just a picture' template under Basic pages.
14. Click the Add Page button.
15. Verify the 'Just a Picture' is added.
16. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
17. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
18. Enter 'Baby' in the Search box.
19. Press the Enter key.
20. Verify Baby images appear on the preview pane.
21. Click any of the Baby images.
22. Click the OK button.
23. Verify the Baby image appears on the picture pane.
24. Click the Hamburger button.
25. Verify the TBT tool menu opens.
26. Click the More..option which appears at the bottom of the pane.
27. Verify More..menu opens.
28. Select Overlay Tool Check box.
29. Verify the Overlay Tool menu appears on the image pane.
30. Click the Speech bubble.
31. Drag and drop the Speech bubble on the image pane.
32. Verify the Speech bubble appears on the image.
33. Click on the Speech bubble text box.
34. Enter ‘Hello!’ in the text box.
35. Click outside of the bubble.
36. Drag and drop a Caption box under the Overlay Tool menu.
37. Verify the Caption box appears on the page.
38. Click on the Caption box.
39. Enter ‘The Child appearing in the page’ in the caption box.
40. Click the Publish tab.
41. Click the ePUB button.
42. Verify Publish as ePUB view opens.
43. Verify that the Fixed Mode is already selected under ePUB mode.
44. Click the Preview button.
45. Verify the preview appears on the preview pane.
46. Click the Save button.
47. Verify the Save As dialog opens.
48. Click the Save button.
49. Verify the book is saved in the documents folder.
50. Press Ctrl+E keys.
51. Verify the File Explorer dialog opens.
52. Click the Documents option from the left pane.
53. Verify the Documents folder opens.
54. Double click on the 'TestBook.ePUB' file.
55. Verify the book opens in the eKitabu ePUB reader.
56. Click the Next button.
57. Verify the picture page appears with a speech bubble and caption box.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Uninstall eKitabu Reader.
2. Delete the Subscription code.
3. Delete the Test book.
4. Close Bloom application.
