---
id: 414
title: "Set Talking Book Playback Order"
description: "(318) Set Talking Book Playback Order"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-16
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book under Templates in the Collections view.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears on the preview pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
5. Enter 'Test Book' on the Front cover title box.
6. Click the Credits Page.
7. Verify the Copyright and License dialog opens.
8. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
9. Click the OK button.
10. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
11. Click the Add Page button.
12. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
13. Click 'Just a picture' template under Basic pages.
14. Click the Add Page button.
15. Verify the 'Just a Picture' is added.
16. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
17. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
18. Enter 'Baby' in the Search box.
19. Press the Enter key.
20. Verify Baby images appear on the preview pane.
21. Click any of the Baby images.
22. Click the OK button.
23. Verify the Baby image appears on the picture pane.
24. Click the Hamburger button.
25. Verify the TBT tool menu opens.
26. Click the More..option which appears at the bottom of the pane.
27. Verify More..menu opens.
28. Select Overlay Tool Check box.
29. Verify the Overlay Tool menu appears on the image pane.
30. Click the Speech bubble.
31. Drag and drop the Speech bubble on the image pane.
32. Verify the Speech bubble appears on the image.
33. Click on the Speech bubble text box.
34. Enter ‘Hello!’ on the text box.
35. Click outside of the text box.
36. Drag and drop the Speech bubble on the image pane.
37. Verify the Speech bubble appears on the image.
38. Click on the Speech bubble text box.
39. Enter ‘Hi!’ on the text box.
40. Click outside of the text box.
41. Drag and drop the Speech bubble on the image pane.
42. Verify the Speech bubble appears on the image.
43. Click on the Speech bubble text box.
44. Enter ‘Tamil!’ on the text box.
45. Click outside of the text box.
46. Click the Talking Book Tool option from the right pane.
47. Verify the TBT menu opens.
48. Click the ‘Hello!’ speech bubble.
49. Verify the text is highlighted.
50. Press and hold the Speak button.
51. Record ‘Hello’ using a microphone.
52. Release the Speak button.
53. Click the Next button.
54. Verify the ‘Hi’ text is highlighted on the speech bubble.
55. Press and hold the Speak button.
56. Record ‘Hi’ using the microphone.
57. Release the Speak button.
58. Click the Next button.
59. Verify the ‘Tamil’ text is highlighted on the speech bubble.
60. Press and hold the Speak button.
61. Record ‘Tamil’ using the microphone.
62. Release the Speak button.
63. Click the ‘Listen to the whole page’ button.
64. Verify audio on the whole page.
65. Click the Advanced button.
66. Turn on the ‘Show playback order buttons’ toggle button.
67. Verify the Playback order number appears on each bubble.
68. Click the ‘Hello!’ Speech bubble.
69. Verify playback order number ‘1’ appears with (+) plus button.
70. Click the plus (+) button.
71. Verify the Playback number is changed to ‘2’.
72. Verify the Second Speech bubble playback number is changed to ‘1’.
73. Verify the third speech bubble playback number is changed to ‘3’
74. Turn off the “Show playback order buttons” toggle button.
75. Click the ‘Listen to the whole page’ button.
76. Verify the Second speech bubble audio plays first.
77. Verify the first speech bubble audio plays second.
78. Verify the third speech bubble audio plays third.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Test book.
3. Close Bloom application.
