---
id: 415
title: "Record comic audio and publish to Bloom Reader. Ensure all audio is played"
description: "(319) Record comic audio and publish to Bloom Reader. Ensure all audio is played"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-16
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Connect the Android Mobile to the computer via USB cable.
2. Enable ‘File transfer / Android Auto’ option in the Android mobile.
3. Tap the ‘Play Store’ application in the Android Mobile.
4. Verify the Play Store application opens.
5. Type ‘Bloom Reader’ in the Search bar.
6. Verify the ‘Bloom Reader application appears in the application list.
7. Click the “Install’ button.
8. Click the ‘Open’ button.
9. Verify the Bloom Reader application opens in the Mobile device.
10. Launch Bloom application
11. Click the Settings button.
12. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
13. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
14. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
15. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
16. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
17. Click the Restart button.
18. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book under Templates in the Collections view.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears on the preview pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
5. Enter 'Test Book' on the Front cover title box.
6. Click the Credits Page.
7. Verify the Copyright and License dialog opens.
8. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
9. Click the OK button.
10. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
11. Click the Add Page button.
12. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
13. Click 'Just a picture' template under Basic pages.
14. Click the Add Page button.
15. Verify the 'Just a Picture' is added.
16. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
17. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
18. Enter 'Baby' in the Search box.
19. Press the Enter key.
20. Verify Baby images appear on the preview pane.
21. Click any of the Baby images.
22. Click the OK button.
23. Verify the Baby image appears on the picture pane.
24. Click the Hamburger button.
25. Verify the TBT tool menu opens.
26. Click the More..option which appears at the bottom of the pane.
27. Verify More..menu opens.
28. Select Overlay Tool Check box.
29. Verify the Overlay Tool menu appears on the image pane.
30. Click the Speech bubble.
31. Drag and drop the Speech bubble on the image pane.
32. Verify the Speech bubble appears on the image.
33. Click on the Speech bubble text box.
34. Enter ‘Hello!’ on the text box.
35. Click outside of the text box.
36. Click the Talking Book Tool option from the right pane.
37. Verify the TBT menu opens.
38. Click the ‘Hello!’ speech bubble.
39. Verify the text is highlighted.
40. Press and hold the Speak button.
41. Record ‘Hello’ using a microphone.
42. Release the Speak button.
43. Verify the Check button is enabled.
44. Click the Add Page button.
45. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
46. Click the 'Basic Text & Picture' template under Basic pages.
47. Click the Add Page button.
48. Verify the 'Basic Text & Picture' is added.
49. Click on the Picture pane.
50. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
51. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
52. Enter ‘Car' in the Search box.
53. Press the Enter key.
54. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
55. Click any of the Car images.
56. Click the OK button.
57. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
58. Click the Overlay Tool option.
59. Verify the Overlay Tool menu opens.
60. Click the Speech bubble.
61. Drag and drop the Speech bubble on the image pane.
62. Verify the Speech bubble appears on the image.
63. Click on the Speech bubble text box.
64. Enter ‘This is a Car image!’ on the text box.
65. Click outside of the text box.
66. Click on the text pane.
67. Enter ‘This is a Car’ in the text box.
68. Click the TBT option from the rightmost pane.
69. Verify the TBT menu opens.
70. Click on the Speech bubble text ‘This is a car image’.
71. Verify the text is highlighted.
72. Press and hold the Speak button.
73. Record ‘This is a car image’ using a microphone.
74. Click the Next button.
75. Verify the text ‘This is a car’  is highlighted in the text pane.
76. Press and hold the Speak button.
77. Record ‘This is a car’ using a microphone.
78. Click the Publish tab.
79. Click the BloomPUB button.
80. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
81. Select 'Send over USB Cable' option.
82. Click the CONNECT WITH USB CABLE button.
83. Verify Publishing dialog appears on the screen.
84. Verify 'You can now read <Test Book> in Bloom Reader!' message appears on the dialog.
85. Click the Close button.
86. Verify Publishing dialog closes.
87. Open Bloom Reader app in the Mobile.
88. Verify the book name 'Test Book' appears on the Bloom Reader.
89. Tap on the book name.
90. Verify the book opens with the front cover.
91. Tap to the Next page.
92. Verify the audio plays on Page 1.
93. Tap to the Next page.
94. Verify all audio is played on Page 2.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Removed the USB cable from the Computer.
2. Uninstall Bloom Reader app from the Mobile.
3. Delete the Subscription code.
4. Delete the Test Book.
5. Close Bloom application.
