---
id: 417
title: "Transparency will be removed for Captions and not for bubble types"
description: "(321) Transparency will be removed for Captions and not for bubble types"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-16
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book under Templates in the Collections view.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears on the preview pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
5. Enter 'Test Book' on the Front cover title box.
6. Click the Credits Page.
7. Verify the Copyright and License dialog opens.
8. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
9. Click the OK button.
10. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
11. Click the Add Page button.
12. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
13. Click 'Just a picture' template under Basic pages.
14. Click the Add Page button.
15. Verify the 'Just a Picture' is added.
16. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
17. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
18. Enter 'Baby' in the Search box.
19. Press the Enter key.
20. Verify Baby images appear on the preview pane.
21. Click any of the Baby images.
22. Click the OK button.
23. Verify the Baby image appears on the picture pane.
24. Click the Hamburger button.
25. Verify the TBT tool menu opens.
26. Click the More..option which appears at the bottom of the pane.
27. Verify More..menu opens.
28. Select Overlay Tool Check box.
29. Verify the Overlay Tool menu appears on the image pane.
30. Click the Speech bubble.
31. Drag and drop the Speech bubble on the image pane.
32. Verify the Speech bubble appears on the image.
33. Click on the Speech bubble text box.
34. Enter ‘Hello!’ on the text box.
35. Click outside of the speech bubble.
36. Click the Background Color palette.
37. Verify the Background Color palette opens.
38. Click the 'Transparency' bar which appears below the Color bar.
39. Decrease the Transparency value to 17%
40. Verify the background color of the speech bubble appears in black color.
41. Increase the Transparency value to 88%
42. Verify the background color of the speech bubble appears in grey color.
43. Increase the Transparency value to 100%
44. Verify that the background color of the speech bubble is fully transparent.
45. Click the OK button.
46. Verify the Background color palette closes.
47. Click the Style dropdown list.
48. Verify the dropdown list opens.
49. Select the 'Exclamation' style.
50. Verify the Speech bubble style is changed to 'Exclamation' style.
51. Click the Background Color palette.
52. Verify the Background color palette opens.
53. Click the Background Color palette.
54. Verify the Background Color palette opens.
55. Click the 'Transparency' bar which appears below the Color bar.
56. Decrease the Transparency value to 17%
57. Verify the background color of the speech bubble appears in black color.
58. Increase the Transparency value to 88%
59. Verify the background color of the speech bubble appears in grey color.
60. Increase the Transparency value to 100%
61. Verify that the background color of the speech bubble is fully transparent.
62. Click the OK button.
63. Verify the Background color palette closes.
64. Click the Style dropdown list.
65. Verify the dropdown list opens.
66. Select the 'Ellipse' style.
67. Verify the Exclamation bubble style is changed to 'Ellipse' style.
68. Click the Background color palette.
69. Verify the Background Color palette opens.
70. Click the 'Transparency' bar which appears below the Color bar.
71. Decrease the Transparency value to 17%
72. Verify the background color of the Ellipse style bubble appears in black color.
73. Increase the Transparency value to 88%
74. Verify the background color of the Ellipse style bubble appears in grey color.
75. Increase the Transparency value to 100%
76. Verify that the background color of the Ellipse style bubble is fully transparent.
77. Click the OK button.
78. Verify the Background color palette closes.
79. Click the Style dropdown list.
80. Verify the dropdown list opens.
81. Select the 'Thought' style.
82. Verify the Ellipse bubble style is changed to 'Thought' style.
83. Click the Background Color palette.
84. Verify the Background color palette opens.
85. Click the Background Color palette.
86. Verify the Background Color palette opens.
87. Click the 'Transparency' bar which appears below the Color bar.
88. Decrease the Transparency value to 17%
89. Verify the background color of the Thought style bubble appears in black color.
90. Increase the Transparency value to 88%
91. Verify the background color of the Thought bubble appears in grey color.
92. Increase the Transparency value to 100%
93. Verify that the background color of the Thought bubble is fully transparent.
94. Click the OK button.
95. Verify the Background color palette closes.
96. Click the Style dropdown list.
97. Verify the dropdown list opens.
98. Select the 'Circle' style.
99. Verify the Thought bubble style is changed to 'Circle' style.
100. Click the Background Color palette.
101. Verify the Background color palette opens.
102. Click the 'Transparency' bar which appears below the Color bar.
103. Decrease the Transparency value to 17%
104. Verify the background color of the Circle style bubble appears in black color.
105. Increase the Transparency value to 88%
106. Verify the background color of the Circle bubble appears in grey color.
107. Increase the Transparency value to 100%
108. Verify that the background color of the Circle bubble is fully transparent.
109. Click the OK button.
110. Verify the Background color palette closes.
111. Click the Style dropdown list.
112. Verify the dropdown list opens.
113. Select the 'Rectangle' style.
114. Verify the Circle bubble style is changed to 'Rectangle' style.
115. Click the Background Color palette.
116. Verify the Background color palette opens.
117. Click the Background Color palette.
118. Verify the Background Color palette opens.
119. Click the 'Transparency' bar which appears below the Color bar.
120. Decrease the Transparency value to 17%
121. Verify the background color of the Rectangle style bubble appears in black color.
122. Increase the Transparency value to 88%
123. Verify the background color of the Rectangle bubble appears in grey color.
124. Increase the Transparency value to 100%
125. Verify that the background color of the Rectangle bubble is fully transparent.
126. Click the OK button.
127. Verify the Background color palette closes.
128. Click the Style dropdown list.
129. Verify the dropdown list opens.
130. Select the 'Just Text' style.
131. Verify the Rectangle bubble style is changed to 'Just Text' style.
132. Click the Background Color palette.
133. Verify the Background color palette opens.
134. Click the 'Transparency' bar which appears below the Color bar.
135. Decrease the Transparency value to 17%
136. Verify the background color of the Just Text style bubble appears in black color.
137. Increase the Transparency value to 88%
138. Verify the background color of the Just Text bubble appears in grey color.
139. Increase the Transparency value to 100%
140. Verify that the background color of the Just Text bubble is fully transparent.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Test Book.
3. Close Bloom application.
