---
id: 418
title: "Switching bubble types should not drop transparency & color"
description: "(323) Switching bubble types should not drop transparency & color"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-16
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book under Templates in the Collections view.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears on the preview pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
5. Enter 'Test Book' on the Front cover title box.
6. Click the Credits Page.
7. Verify the Copyright and License dialog opens.
8. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
9. Click the OK button.
10. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
11. Click the Add Page button.
12. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
13. Click 'Just a picture' template under Basic pages.
14. Click the Add Page button.
15. Verify the 'Just a Picture' is added.
16. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
17. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
18. Enter 'Baby' in the Search box.
19. Press the Enter key.
20. Verify Baby images appear on the preview pane.
21. Click any of the Baby images.
22. Click the OK button.
23. Verify the Baby image appears on the picture pane.
24. Click the Hamburger button.
25. Verify the TBT tool menu opens.
26. Click the More..option which appears at the bottom of the pane.
27. Verify More..menu opens.
28. Select Overlay Tool Check box.
29. Verify the Overlay Tool menu appears on the image pane.
30. Click the Speech bubble.
31. Drag and drop the Speech bubble on the image pane.
32. Verify the Speech bubble appears on the image.
33. Click on the Speech bubble text box.
34. Enter ‘Hello!’ on the text box.
35. Click outside of the speech bubble.
36. Click the Background Color palette.
37. Verify the Background Color palette opens.
38. Click the 'Transparency' bar which appears below the Color bar.
39. Set it to 100% transparent
40. Click the Style dropdown list.
41. Verify the dropdown list opens.
42. Select the 'Ellipse' style.
43. Verify the background still appears with transparency.
44. Click the Style dropdown list.
45. Verify the dropdown list opens.
46. Select the 'Exclamation' style.
47. Verify the background still appears with transparency.
48. Click the Style dropdown list.
49. Verify the dropdown list opens.
50. Select the 'Just Text' style.
51. Verify the background still appears with transparency.
52. Click the Style dropdown list.
53. Verify the dropdown list opens.
54. Select the 'Speech' style.
55. Verify the background still appears with transparency.
56. Click the Style dropdown list.
57. Verify the dropdown list opens.
58. Select the 'Thought' style.
59. Verify the background still appears with transparency.
60. Click the Style dropdown list.
61. Verify the dropdown list opens.
62. Select the 'Circle' style.
63. Verify the background still appears with transparency.
64. Click the Style dropdown list.
65. Verify the dropdown list opens.
66. Select the 'Rectangle' style.
67. Verify the background still appears with transparency.
68. Click the Speech bubble.
69. Drag and drop the Speech bubble on the image pane.
70. Verify the Speech bubble appears on the image.
71. Click on the Speech bubble text box.
72. Enter '‘Color’’ on the text box.
73. Click outside of the bubble.
74. Click the Background Color palette.
75. Verify the Background Color palette opens.
76. Click on any color (eg., Yellow) from the color palette.
77. Verify the background color changes to Yellow color.
78. Click the Style dropdown list.
79. Verify the dropdown list opens.
80. Select the 'Caption' style.
81. Verify the Speech bubble style is changed to 'Caption' style.
82. Verify the background color still remains on the bubble style.
83. Click the Style dropdown list.
84. Verify the dropdown list opens.
85. Select the 'Exclamation' style.
86. Verify the Caption bubble style is changed to 'Exclamation' style.
87. Verify the background color still remains on the bubble style.
88. Click the Style dropdown list.
89. Verify the dropdown list opens.
90. Select the 'Just Text' style.
91. Verify the Exclamation bubble style is changed to 'Just Text' style.
92. Verify the background color still remains on the bubble style.
93. Click the Style dropdown list.
94. Verify the dropdown list opens.
95. Select the 'Speech' style.
96. Verify the Just Text bubble style is changed to 'Speech' style.
97. Verify the background color still remains on the bubble style.
98. Click the Style dropdown list.
99. Verify the dropdown list opens.
100. Select the 'Ellipse' style.
101. Verify the Speech bubble style is changed to 'Ellipse' style.
102. Verify the background color still remains on the bubble style.
103. Click the Style dropdown list.
104. Verify the dropdown list opens.
105. Select the 'Thought' style.
106. Verify the Ellipse bubble style is changed to 'Thought' style.
107. Verify the background color still remains on the bubble style.
108. Click the Style dropdown list.
109. Verify the dropdown list opens.
110. Select the 'Circle' style.
111. Verify the Thought bubble style is changed to 'Circle' style.
112. Verify the background color still remains on the bubble style.
113. Click the Style dropdown list.
114. Verify the dropdown list opens.
115. Select the 'Rectangle' style.
116. Verify the Circle bubble style is changed to 'Rectangle' style.
117. Verify the background color still remains on the bubble style.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Test Book.
3. Close Bloom application.
