---
id: 419
title: "Test Outer Outline color and test with child bubbles"
description: "(325) Test Outer Outline color and test with child bubbles"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-16
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book under Templates in the Collections view.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears on the preview pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
5. Enter 'Test Book' on the Front cover title box.
6. Click the Credits Page.
7. Verify the Copyright and License dialog opens.
8. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
9. Click the OK button.
10. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
11. Click the Add Page button.
12. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
13. Click 'Just a picture' template under Basic pages.
14. Click the Add Page button.
15. Verify the 'Just a Picture' is added.
16. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
17. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
18. Enter 'Baby' in the Search box.
19. Press the Enter key.
20. Verify Baby images appear on the preview pane.
21. Click any of the Baby images.
22. Click the OK button.
23. Verify the Baby image appears on the picture pane.
24. Click the Hamburger button.
25. Verify the TBT tool menu opens.
26. Click the More..option which appears at the bottom of the pane.
27. Verify More..menu opens.
28. Select Overlay Tool Check box.
29. Verify the Overlay Tool menu appears on the image pane.
30. Click the Speech bubble.
31. Drag and drop the Speech bubble on the image pane.
32. Verify the Speech bubble appears on the image.
33. Click on the Speech bubble.
34. Click the Outer Outline Color dropdown list.
35. Verify the dropdown list opens.
36. Select the 'Yellow' Color.
37. Verify the Outer line appears in yellow color except the tip of the tail.
38. Click on the speech bubble text box.
39. Enter 'WATCH WHAT HAPPENS' in the text box.
40. Verify a new line expansion in the speech bubble.
41. Verify that the black outline of the bubble should not be erased.
42. Click on the Speech bubble.
43. Verify an option tool box appears over the bubble.
44. Click the ellipse button.
45. Verify a pop up menu opens.
46. Click Add Child bubble option.
47. Verify a Child bubble is added to the existing speech bubble.
48. Verify the Outer Outline Color is added to the Child bubble.
49. Click on the Child bubble text box.
50. Enter ‘WATCH WHAT HAPPENS’ in the text box.
51. Verify a new line expansion in the speech bubble.
52. Verify that the black outline of the child bubble should be erased.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code
2. Delete the Test Book.
3. Close Bloom application.
