---
id: 42
title: "Turka Decodable"
description: "Test case for Turka Decodable (stacked diacritics)"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-09
last-modified: 2025-07-31
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the 'Change' link button under the Local Language field.
5. Verify the Choose Language dialog opens.
6. Type 'turka' on the Search bar.
7. Verify 'Cuuramma (Turka)' language appears under the search bar.
8. Click 'Cuuramma (Turka)' language.
9. Click the OK button.
10. Verify the 'Cuuramma (tuz) language appears as Local Language.
11. Verify 'English (en)' language appears as National Language.
12. Click the Restart button.
13. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
14. Click the Settings button.
15. Verify 'Cuuramma (Turka)' appears as Local Language.
16. Verify 'English (en)' appears as a National Language.
17. Click the OK button.
18. Clear out C:\Users\USERS\AppData\Local\BloomBetaInternal and C:\Users\USERS\AppData\Local\SIL\BetaInternalxxx)
19. Download Turka Decodable 2023-07-18.Bloompack from \Bloom Team\Testing\Materials for Bloom Editor Testing\Decodable Reader Rapid Test Resources (needs developers approval)
20. Double click on Turka Decodable.Bloompack from the Downloads folder.
21. Verify Bloom Pack Installation dialog appears.
22. Click the OK button.
23. Verify Bloom application opens (this indicates that the Bloom Pack installed successfully in the Bloom Editor).
24. Click the Close button.
25. Verify the Bloom application closes.
26. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the 'Stacked Diacritics and Vowel Length' book under Turka Decodable heading which appears at the lower left pane.
2. Verify 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button available on the right pane.
3. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button.
4. Verify the book appears in the Edit mode.
5. Click Page 1 thumbnail.
6. Verify Page 1 appears on the right pane.
7. Click the three line button which appears at the top right corner of the Edit page.
8. Verify 'Decodable Reader Tool' menu opens.
9. Verify 'Stage 1 of 5' appears under Decodable Reader Tool topic.
10. Click on Page 1.
11. Verify the second row of words should all be highlighted.
12. Click '>' button near 'Stage 1 of 5'
13. Verify 'Stage 2 of 5' appears under Decodable Reader Tool topic.
14. Verify the second row of words should not be highlighted.
15. Click Page 2 thumbnail.
16. Verify Page 2 appears on the right pane.
17. Verify 'Stage 2 of 5' appears under Decodable Reader Tool topic.
18. Verify the second row of words should all be highlighted.
19. Click '>' button near 'Stage 2 of 5'
20. Verify 'Stage 3 of 5' appears under Decodable Reader Tool topic
21. Verify the second row of words should not be highlighted.
22. Click Page 3 thumbnail.
23. Verify Page 3 appears on the right pane.
24. Verify 'Stage 3 of 5' appears under Decodable Reader Tool topic.
25. Verify the second row of words should all be highlighted.
26. Click '>'button near 'Stage 3 of 5'
27. Verify 'Stage 4 of 5' appears under the Decodable Reader Tool topic.
28. Verify the second row of words should not be highlighted.
29. Click Page 4 thumbnail.
30. Verify Page 4 appears on the right pane.
31. Verify 'Stage 4 of 5' appears under the Decodable Reader Tool topic.
32. Verify the second row of words should all be highlighted.
33. Click '>'button near 'Stage 4 of 5'
34. Verify 'Stage 5 of 5' appears under the Decodable Reader Tool topic.
35. Verify the second row of words should not be highlighted.
36. Click Page 5 thumbnail.
37. Verify Page 5 appears on the right pane.
38. Click the 'Setup Stages' link button which appears above the 'Stage X of X' label.
39. Verify 'Setup Decodable Reader Tool' dialog opens.
40. Click on Stage 1 which appears in the left most pane in the Decodable Stages tab.
41. Verify '211 matching words' appear on the Stage 1 right pane.
42. Click on Stage 2 which appears in the left most pane in the Decodable Stages tab.
43. Verify '482 matching words' appear on the Stage 2 right pane.
44. Click on Stage 3 which appears in the left most pane in the Decodable Stages tab.
45. Verify '805 matching words' appear on the Stage 3 right pane.
46. Click on Stage 4 which appears in the left most pane in the Decodable Stages tab.
47. Verify '893 matching words' appear on the Stage 4 right pane.
48. Click on Stage 5 which appears in the left most pane in the Decodable Stages tab.
49. Verify '927 matching words' appear on the Stage 5 right pane.
50. Click the OK button.
51. Verify the  'Setup Decodable Reader Tool' dialog closes.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete 'Stacked Diacritics and Vowel Length' book.
2. Close Bloom application.
