---
id: 422
title: "Test character, paragraph, and style formatting for bubbles. Ensure consistency across bubbles"
description: "(330) Test character, paragraph, and style formatting for bubbles. Ensure consistency across bubbles"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-18
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book under Templates in the Collections view.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears on the preview pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
5. Enter 'Test Book' on the Front cover title box.
6. Click the Credits Page.
7. Verify the Copyright and License dialog opens.
8. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
9. Click the OK button.
10. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
11. Click the Add Page button.
12. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
13. Click 'Just a picture' template under Basic pages.
14. Click the Add Page button.
15. Verify the 'Just a Picture' is added.
16. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
17. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
18. Enter 'Baby' in the Search box.
19. Press the Enter key.
20. Verify Baby images appear on the preview pane.
21. Click any of the Baby images.
22. Click the OK button.
23. Verify the Baby image appears on the picture pane.
24. Click the Hamburger button.
25. Verify the TBT tool menu opens.
26. Click the More..option which appears at the bottom of the pane.
27. Verify More..menu opens.
28. Select Overlay Tool Check box.
29. Verify the Overlay Tool menu appears on the right most pane.
30. Click the Speech bubble.
31. Drag and drop the Speech bubble on the image pane.
32. Verify the Speech bubble appears on the image.
33. Click on the speech bubble.
34. Enter ‘Hello! How are you?’ in the speech bubble text box.
35. Click outside of the bubble.
36. Click on the speech bubble.
37. Verify the option tool box appears over the speech bubble.
38. Click the ellipse button.
39. Verify the Popup menu opens.
40. Click the Format text option.
41. Verify the Format dialog opens.
42. Click the Characters tab.
43. Click the Font list box.
44. Verify the Font list box opens.
45. Select 'ABeeZee' font.
46. Verify the text font is changed to 'ABeeZee' in the speech bubble.
47. Click the Font size combo box.
48. Select 14 sizes.
49. Verify the font size is increased in the text box.
50. Click the Spacing combo box.
51. Select 1.8 size.
52. Verify the spacing between lines increases.
53. Click the 'Normal' space combo box.
54. Select 'Wide' option.
55. Verify the spacing between words increases.
56. Click the 'B' button under Emphasis label.
57. Verify the text in the speech bubble appears with Bold style.
58. Click the 'I' button under the Emphasis label.
59. Verify the text in the speech bubble appears with Italic style.
60. Click the 'U' button under the Emphasis label.
61. Verify the text in the speech bubble appears with Underline style.
62. Click the Color palette.
63. Verify the Text Color palette box opens.
64. Click the Blue shade.
65. Verify the text color in the speech bubble changes to Blue.
66. Click the OK button.
67. Verify the Text Color palette box closes.
68. Click the Paragraph tab.
69. Click the Right Indent button.
70. Verify the text appears with Right indent.
71. Click the Left Indent button.
72. Verify the text appears with Left indent.
73. Click the Left alignment button under the Alignment label.
74. Verify the text appears in left alignment in the speech bubble text box.
75. Click the Right alignment button.
76. Verify the text appears in the right alignment.
77. Click the Justify alignment button.
78. Verify the text appears in Justify alignment.
79. Click the Center alignment button.
80. Verify the text appears in Center alignment.
81. Click 'Space Between Paragraphs'  combo.
82. Verify the combo box opens.
83. Select any option from the combo box. (eg., 0.5 point.)
84. Verify the space between the text or paragraph increases.
85. Click the Overlay tab.
86. Click on the Padding combo box.
87. Select any option from the combo box. (eg., 1 px )
88. Verify the space between the text and its border increases (eg., by 1 px.)
89. Click the Style Name tab.
90. Click the Style Combo box.
91. Verify the Style list opens.
92. Select 'Big Words' from the list.
93. Verify the style of the text in the speech bubble is changed to 'Big Words' style.
94. Click the Style Combo box.
95. Verify the Style list opens.
96. Select 'Bubble' from the list.
97. Verify the style of the text in the speech bubble is changed to 'Bubble' (default)style.
98. Click the Style Combo box.
99. Verify the Style list opens.
100. Select 'Cover Default' from the list.
101. Verify the style of the text in the speech bubble is changed to 'Cover Default' style.
102. Click the Style Combo box.
103. Verify the Style list opens.
104. Select 'Credits Page' from the list.
105. Verify the style of the text in the speech bubble is changed to 'Credits Page' style.
106. Click the Style Combo box.
107. Verify the Style list opens.
108. Select 'Heading 1' from the list.
109. Verify the style of the text in the speech bubble is changed to 'Heading 1' style.
110. Click the Style Combo box.
111. Verify the Style list opens.
112. Select 'Heading 2' from the list.
113. Verify the style of the text in the speech bubble is changed to 'Heading 2' style.
114. Click the Style Combo box.
115. Verify the Style list opens.
116. Select 'Normal' from the list.
117. Verify the style of the text in the speech bubble is changed to 'Normal' style.
118. Click the Style Combo box.
119. Verify the Style list opens.
120. Select 'Title on Cover' from the list.
121. Verify the style of the text in the speech bubble is changed to 'Title on Cover' style.
122. Click the Style Combo box.
123. Verify the Style list opens.
124. Select 'Title on Title Page' from the list.
125. Verify the style of the text in the speech bubble is changed to 'Title on Title Page' style.
126. Click outside of the Format dialog box.
127. Verify the Format dialog closes.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Test book.
3. Close Bloom application.
