---
id: 423
title: "Overlay text and bubbles should disappear when the Image Description tool is opened"
description: "(332) Open the Image Description tool. Ensure that the bubbles / text Overlayed on an image disappear"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-10-28
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Add Page button.
2. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
3. Click 'Just a picture' template under Basic pages.
4. Click the Add Page button.
5. Verify the 'Just a Picture' is added.
6. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
7. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
8. Enter 'Baby' in the Search box.
9. Press the Enter key.
10. Verify Baby images appear on the preview pane.
11. Click any of the Baby images.
12. Click the OK button.
13. Verify the Baby image appears on the picture pane.
14. Click the Hamburger button.
15. Verify the TBT tool menu opens.
16. Click the More..option which appears at the bottom of the pane.
17. Select Overlay Tool Check box.
18. Verify the Overlay Tool menu appears on the right most pane.
19. Drag and drop the Speech bubble on the image pane.
20. Verify the Speech bubble appears on the image.
21. Click on the speech bubble.
22. Enter ‘Hello! How are you?’ in the speech bubble text box.
23. Click outside of the bubble.
24. Drag and drop the Caption box on the image pane.
25. Verify the Caption box appears on the image.
26. Enter 'This is a baby' in the Caption box.
27. Click outside of the Caption box.
28. Drag and drop the 'Text Block' on the image pane.
29. Enter 'Baby Story' in the text block.
30. Click outside of the text block.
31. Verify the three overlays appear on the image pane.
32. Click the More...options which appear at the bottom of the Overlay Tool menu.
33. Verify the More...menu opens.
34. Select 'Image Description Tool' check box.
35. Verify the Speech bubble disappears from the Image pane.
36. Verify the Caption box disappears from the Image pane.
37. Verify the Text Block Overlay disappears from the Image pane.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Basic book.
3. Close Bloom application.
