---
id: 424
title: "Test functionality of adding and manipulating SL video Overlays"
description: "(334) Test functionality of adding and manipulating SL video Overlays"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-18
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Connect WebCam to the Computer.
2. Launch Bloom application
3. Click the Settings button.
4. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
5. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
6. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
7. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
8. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
9. Click the Restart button.
10. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click an eBook under Templates in the Collections view.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears on the preview pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
5. Enter 'Test Book' on the Front cover title box.
6. Click the Credits Page.
7. Verify the Copyright and License dialog opens.
8. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
9. Click the OK button.
10. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
11. Click the Add Page button.
12. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
13. Click 'Just a picture' template under Basic pages.
14. Click the Add Page button.
15. Verify the 'Just a Picture' is added.
16. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
17. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
18. Enter 'Baby' in the Search box.
19. Press the Enter key.
20. Verify Baby images appear on the preview pane.
21. Click any of the Baby images.
22. Click the OK button.
23. Verify the Baby image appears on the picture pane.
24. Click the Hamburger button.
25. Verify the TBT tool menu opens.
26. Click the More..option which appears at the bottom of the pane.
27. Select Overlay Tool Check box.
28. Verify the Overlay Tool menu appears on the right most pane.
29. Drag and drop the ‘Caption’ box from the Overlay Tool menu.
30. Verify the Caption box appears on the picture page.
31. Click on the Caption box.
32. Enter 'This is for testing purpose' in the text box.
33. Click outside of the box.
34. Drag and drop the Video overlay from the Overlay Tool menu.
35. Verify the Video overlay appears on the picture page.
36. Click the 'Record yourself' button from the Video overlay.
37. Verify the Sign Language Tool menu appears on the right most pane.
38. Verify the Web camera is activated.
39. Click the 'Record' button.
40. Verify the Web camera has started recording.
41. Click the Stop button.
42. Verify the recorded video appears on the Video Overlay.
43. Click on the video overlay.
44. Drag it towards (any) corner of the Picture page.
45. Verify the Video overlay appeared on the corner of the page.
46. Click the Video overlay.
47. Verify the option tool box appears at the bottom of the Video overlay.
48. Click the Delete button.
49. Verify the Sign Language Video Overlay is deleted from the page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Remove Web cam from the computer.
2. Delete the Subscription code.
3. Delete the Test book.
4. Close Bloom application.
