---
id: 425
title: "Prevent Bubble From Being Pushed Beyond Retrievable Limit"
description: "(339) It should not be possible to push any kind of bubble so far that you can't get it back"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-18
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book under Templates in the Collections view.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears on the preview pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
5. Enter 'Test Book' on the Front cover title box.
6. Click the Credits Page.
7. Verify the Copyright and License dialog opens.
8. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
9. Click the OK button.
10. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
11. Click the Add Page button.
12. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
13. Click 'Just a picture' template under Basic pages.
14. Click the Add Page button.
15. Verify the 'Just a Picture' is added.
16. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
17. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
18. Enter 'Baby' in the Search box.
19. Press the Enter key.
20. Verify Baby images appear on the preview pane.
21. Click any of the Baby images.
22. Click the OK button.
23. Verify the Baby image appears on the picture pane.
24. Click the Hamburger button.
25. Verify the TBT tool menu opens.
26. Click the More..option which appears at the bottom of the pane.
27. Select Overlay Tool Check box.
28. Verify the Overlay Tool menu appears on the right most pane.
29. Drag and drop the Speech bubble on the image pane.
30. Verify the Speech bubble appears on the image.
31. Drag and drop the Image Overlay on the image pane.
32. Verify the Image Overlay appears on the image.
33. Drag and drop the Text Block overlay on the image pane.
34. Verify the Text Block overlay appears on the image.
35. Drag and drop the Caption box overlay on the image pane.
36. Verify the Caption box appears on the image.
37. Drag and drop the Video Overlay on the image pane.
38. Verify the Video Overlay appears on the image.
39. Click on the speech bubble.
40. Drag the speech bubble out of the picture page.
41. Verify the speech bubble should not be removed from the page and it still appears at the corner of the page.
42. Click on the Image Overlay.
43. Drag the Image Overlay out of the picture page.
44. Verify the Image Overlay should not be removed from the page and it still appears at the corner of the page.
45. Click on the Text Block overlay.
46. Drag the Text Block overlay out of the picture page.
47. Verify the Text Block overlay should not be removed from the page and it still appears at the corner of the page.
48. Click on the Caption box overlay.
49. Drag the Caption box overlay out of the picture page.
50. Verify the Caption box overlay should not be removed from the page and it still appears at the corner of the page.
51. Click on the Video Overlay.
52. Drag the Video Overlay out of the picture page.
53. Verify the Video Overlay should not be removed from the page and it still appears at the corner of the page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Test book.
3. Close Bloom application.
