---
id: 428
title: "Test after page creation, reordering"
description: "(349) Test after page creation, reordering"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-18
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book under Templates in the Collections view.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears on the preview pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
5. Enter 'Test Book' on the Front cover title box.
6. Click the Credits Page.
7. Verify the Copyright and License dialog opens.
8. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
9. Click the OK button.
10. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
11. Click the Add Page button.
12. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
13. Click 'Just a picture' template under Basic pages.
14. Click the Add Page button.
15. Verify the 'Just a Picture' is added.
16. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
17. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
18. Enter 'Baby' in the Search box.
19. Press the Enter key.
20. Verify Baby images appear on the preview pane.
21. Click any of the Baby images.
22. Click the OK button.
23. Verify the Baby image appears on the picture pane.
24. Click the Add Page button.
25. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
26. Click the 'Just Text' template under Basic pages.
27. Click the Add Page button.
28. Verify the 'Just Text' is added.
29. Enter 'This is for testing purpose' in the text box.
30. Verify the entered text appears on the text pane.
31. Click on the Page 2 thumbnail.
32. Drag Page 2 thumbnail (text)  before Page 1 (picture) thumbnail.
33. Verify the ‘Just text’ page is reordered to Page 1.
34. Verify the ‘Just a Picture’ page is reordered to Page 2.
35. Click on Page 2 thumbnail.
36. Verify a triangle button appears at the bottom right corner of the page thumbnail.
37. Click the triangle button.
38. Verify a popup menu opens.
39. Click the 'Duplicate Page Many Times..' option.
40. Verify 'Duplicate Page Many Times' dialog opens.
41. Click on the '2' number box.
42. Enter '10' in the number box.
43. Delete '2' number from the number box.
44. Verify '10' appears in the number box.
45. Click the OK button.
46. Verify 12 pages thumbnails appear under the Pages (leftmost) pane.
47. Click Page 1 (Just text) thumbnail.
48. Drag it before Page 7 thumbnail.
49. Verify the Page 1 (Just text) thumbnail is reordered to Page number 6.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Test book.
2. Close Bloom application.
