---
id: 43
title: "Decodable Readers"
description: "Test case for Decodable Readers"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-09
last-modified: 2025-10-24
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a 'Decodable Reader' template book under Specialized Templates.
2. Verify that the "Watch these instructional videos" link appears in the lower-right corner of the preview pane.
3. Click the "these instructional videos" link button.
4. Verify the instructional video opens on the Vimeo.com site.
5. Close the web page.
6. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button. (in bloom)
7. Verify the book appears in the Edit mode.
8. Verify the Decodable Reader Tool menu is available on the right side of the view.
9. Click the Add Page button.
10. Verify the Add page dialog opens.
11. Select 'Just Text' template.
12. Click the Add Page button.
13. Verify the page is added in the Edit mode.
14. Enter "There once was a boy who grew bored while watching over the village sheep. He wanted to make things more exciting. So, he yelled out that he saw a wolf chasing the sheep. All the villagers came running to drive the wolf away. However, they saw no wolf. The boy was amused, but the villagers were not. They told him not to do it again. Shortly after, he repeated this antic." in the page.
15. Verify all the words are highlighted.
16. Click the Setup Stages link button.
17. Verify Setup Decodable Reader Tool dialog opens.
18. Enter 'wolf' under New Sight Words in Stage 1.
19. Click the Add Stage link button.
20. Enter 'exciting' under New Sight Words in Stage 2.
21. Click the OK button.
22. Verify Stage 1 of 2 appears.
23. Verify the word 'wolf' is not highlighted in the text page.
24. Turn off the Decodable Reader switch.
25. Verify text highlighting has disappeared from the page.
26. Turn on the Decodable Reader switch.
27. Verify the text highlighting appears for all the text except the word 'wolf'
28. Click the Next '>' button near Stage 1 of 2
29. Verify the Stage number appeared 'Stage 2 of 2'
30. Verify the words 'exciting' and 'wolf' are not highlighted in the text page.
31. Turn off the Decodable Reader switch.
32. Verify text highlighting has disappeared from the page.
33. Turn on the Decodable Reader switch.
34. Verify the text highlighting appears for all the text except the words 'exciting' and 'wolf'

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Decodable Reader book.
2. Close Bloom application.
