---
id: 430
title: "Test all format controls, including custom font size"
description: "(355) Test all format controls, including custom font size"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-18
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic Book under Templates in the Collections view.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears on the preview pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
5. Click the Add Page button.
6. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
7. Click the 'Just Text' template.
8. Click the Add Page button.
9. Verify the 'Just Text' is added.
10. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
11. Click on the text box.
12. Enter “There once was a boy who grew bored while watching over the village sheep. He wanted to make things more exciting.”
13. Press the Enter key.
14. Verify the new line appears.
15. Enter “So, he yelled out that he saw a wolf chasing the sheep. All the villagers came running to drive the wolf away. However, they saw no wolf.” in the text box.
16. Hover the mouse over the text page.
17. Verify a gear icon appears at the bottom left corner of the page.
18. Click the gear icon.
19. Verify the Format dialog opens.
20. Click the Characters tab.
21. Click the Font list box.
22. Verify the Font list box opens.
23. Select 'ABeeZee' font.
24. Verify the text font is changed to 'ABeeZee' in the speech bubble.
25. Click the Font size combo box.
26. Select 14 sizes.
27. Verify the font size is increased in the text box.
28. Click the Spacing combo box.
29. Select 1.8 size.
30. Verify the spacing between lines increases.
31. Click the 'Normal' space combo box.
32. Select 'Wide' option.
33. Verify the spacing between words increases.
34. Select ‘Extra wide’ option.
35. Verify an extra space appears between the words in the text box.
36. Click the 'B' button under Emphasis label.
37. Verify the text in the text box appears with Bold style.
38. Click the 'I' button under Emphasis label.
39. Verify the text in the text box appears with Italic style.
40. Click the 'U' button under the Emphasis label.
41. Verify the text in the text box appears with Underline style.
42. Click the Color palette.
43. Verify the Text Color palette box opens.
44. Click the Blue shade.
45. Verify the text color in the speech bubble changes to Blue.
46. Click the OK button.
47. Verify the Text Color palette box closes.
48. Click the Paragraph tab.
49. Click the Right Indent button under the Indent label.
50. Verify the text appears with Right indent.
51. Click the Left Indent button.
52. Verify the text appears with Left indent.
53. Click the Center alignment button.
54. Verify the text appears in Center alignment.
55. Click the Right alignment button.
56. Verify the text appears in the right alignment.
57. Click the Justify alignment button.
58. Verify the text appears in Justify alignment.
59. Click the Left alignment button under the Alignment label.
60. Verify the text appears in left alignment.
61. Click 'Space Between Paragraphs'  combo.
62. Verify the combo box opens.
63. Select 0.5 point.
64. Verify the space between the two paragraphs increases.
65. Click the Highlighting tab.
66. Verify an orange color is selected by default against the Background color label.
67. Select Text Color checkbox.
68. Click the Text Color color palette
69. Verify the Text Color box appears.
70. Select any color (eg., yellow color) from the Color palette.
71. Click the OK button.
72. Verify the Background color appeared with the Yellow color box.
73. Select the 'Text Color' box.
74. Click the Text Color color palette
75. Verify the Text Color box appears.
76. Select any color (eg., orange color) from the Color palette.
77. Verify the Background color appeared with the Yellow color box.
78. Click outside of the Format dialog box.
79. Verify the Format dialog closes.
80. Click the Hamburger button.
81. Verify the Talking Book Tool menu opens.
82. Verify the background color appears in Yellow color.
83. Verify the text color appears in Orange color.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Test Book.
2. Close Bloom application.
