---
id: 431
title: "Bold, Italic, Underline, Superscript (CKEditor -- buttons and Ctrl-B, Ctrl-I, Ctrl-U) in text boxes"
description: "(362) Bold, Italic, Underline, Superscript (CKEditor -- buttons and Ctrl-B, Ctrl-I, Ctrl-U) in text boxes"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-08-29
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch the Bloom application with English Books as a collection.

**Action Steps**

1. Verify that the ‘Sources for New Books’ section appeared on the left pane
2. Click on the ‘Moon and the Cap’ book from the Templates in the ‘Sample Shells’ section
3. Verify that the template preview is opened
4. Click on the ‘MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE’ button
5. Verify that the template is opened in the edit mode.
6. Click on the page 3 thumbnail from the ‘Pages’ pane.
7. Verify that the user redirected to the 3rd Page
8. Click on the text box.
9. Press Ctrl+A to select all the text content.
10. Verify that the entire paragraph is selected.
11. Verify the format toolbar appeared above the selected paragraph.
12. Click on the bold (B) button.
13. Verify that the text appeared in bold format.
14. Click on the bold (B) button again.
15. Verify that the bold format is removed.
16. Press ‘Ctrl + B’ from the keyboard
17. Verify that the text appeared in bold format.
18. Click on the Italic (I) button.
19. Verify that the text appeared in Italic format.
20. Click on the Italic (I) button again.
21. Verify that the italic format is removed.
22. Press ‘Ctrl + I’ from the keyboard
23. Verify that the text appeared in Italic format
24. Click on the Underline (U) button.
25. Verify that the text appeared in Underline format.
26. Click on the Underline (U) button again.
27. Verify that the Underline format is removed.
28. Press ‘Ctrl + U’ from the keyboard
29. Verify that the text appeared in Underlined format
30. Click the Superscript (A2) button.
31. Verify the text appeared in Superscript format.
32. Click on the Text Color button.
33. Verify that the color palette opens.
34. Click on the green color.
35. Verify that the text color changes to green color.
36. Verify that the ‘Pase link’ button is disabled by default if link is not available in the clipboard
37. Open the web browser
38. Open the search for ‘Bloom library’
39. Open the ‘Bloom library’ website
40. Copy the site URL from the browser
41. Open the Bloom application
42. Verify that the ‘Paste link’ button is enabled
43. Click on the Paste link button.
44. Verify that the copied URL link should be added as hyperlink to the selected text

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Close Bloom application.
