---
id: 433
title: "Error when changing page size"
description: "(364) Error when changing page size"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-02
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**ction Steps**

1. Click the “Basic Book” under the “Templates” area.
2. Verify that the  “Basic Book” template is displayed in the "Right pane".
3. Click the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify it opens in the "Edit" mode.
5. Click the dropdown menu for 'Choose a Page Size and Orientation' in the toolbar.
6. verify that the page size options are available.
7. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left of the page.
8. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed.
9. Select the “Custom” page under the “Basic Pages” option.
10. Click the “ADD PAGE” button.
11. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is closed.
12. Verify that the new “Custom” page is displayed.
13. Click the “Device 16x9 Portrait” option from “'Choose a Page Size and Orientation" dropdown menu.
14. Verify that the page size is changed to “Device 16x9 Portrait”.
15. Switch on the "Change Layout" toggle button above the page 1.
16. Verify that the “Picture, Video, Text, or HTML Widget” is displayed on the newly created page.
17. Hover the cursor on the page and Click the first “+” icon in the top-left corner.
18. Verify that the page splits into two halves.
19. Click the "Close" button in the first half of the page.
20. Verify that there are no splits in the page.
21. Hover the cursor on the page and Click the first “+” icon in the top-left corner.
22. Verify that the page splits into two halves.
23. Click the "Picture" option in the first half of the page.
24. Verify that the picture icon is displayed in the first half of the page.
25. Click the "Video" option in the second half of the page.
26. Verify that the video icon is displayed in the second half of the page.
27. Switch off the "Change Layout" toggle button above the page 1.
28. Hover the cursor over the picture icon.
29. Verify that the "Change image" icon is displayed.
30. Select the "Change image" in page 1.
31. Verify that the "Image Toolbox" dialog box is displayed.
32. Type "rose" under the "Image Galleries" field.
33. Click the Search button.
34. Verify that the pictures related to roses were displayed.
35. Select any one rose picture.
36. Click the "OK" button.
37. Verify that the "Image Toolbox" dialog box is closed.
38. Verify that the selected rose picture is displayed on the first half of page 1.
39. Select the "video" icon in the second half of page 1.
40. Verify that the "Sign Language Tool" menu is displayed.
41. Click the "Advanced" dropdown button.
42. Verify that the advanced options were displayed in the dropdown menu.
43. Click the "Import" button from the dropdown menu.
44. Verify that the "Open" dialog box is displayed.
45. Select the valid ".mp4" file.
46. Click the "Open" button.
47. Verify that the "Open" dialog box is closed.
48. Verify that the selected mp4 file is displayed in the second half of page 1.
49. Click the play button on the added video.
50. Verify that the video is played successfully.
51. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left of the page.
52. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed.
53. Select the “Custom” page under the “Basic Pages” option.
54. Click the “ADD PAGE” button.
55. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is closed.
56. Verify that the new “Custom” page is displayed.
57. Switch on the "Change Layout" toggle button above the page 2.
58. Verify that the “Picture, Video, Text, or HTML Widget” is displayed on the newly created page.
59. Hover the cursor on the page and Click the first “+” icon in the top-left corner.
60. Verify that the page splits into two halves.
61. Click the "Text" option in the first half of the page.
62. Verify that the "Text Box" icon is displayed in the first half of the page.
63. Click the "HTML Widget" option in the second half of the page.
64. Verify that the "HTML Widget" icon is displayed in the second half of the page.
65. Switch off the "Change Layout" toggle button above the page 2.
66. Click the text area in the first half of the page and type "test".
67. Verify that the typed text "test" is displayed in the first half of the page.
68. Hover the cursor over the "HTML Widget" icon.
69. Verify that the "Choose Widget" icon is displayed.
70. Click the "Choose Widget" icon.
71. Verify that the "Open" dialog box is displayed.
72. Select the valid ".HTML" file.
73. Click the "Open" button.
74. Verify that the "Open" dialog box is closed.
75. Verify that the selected HTML Widget file is displayed in the second half of page 2.
76. Click the “ADD PAGE” button.
77. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is closed.
78. Verify that the new “Custom” page is displayed.
79. Switch off the "Change Layout" toggle button above the page 3.
80. Verify that a new empty page is created as Page 3.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic book.
2. Close Bloom application.
