---
id: 434
title: "Test Copy Hyperlink feature (right-click on page thumbnail)"
description: "(365) Test Copy Hyperlink feature (right-click on page thumbnail)"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-02
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch the Bloom application

**Action Steps**

Click “The Moon and the Cap” book from the “Source for New Books” section in the left pane.

Click ”Make a book using this source” in the right pane.

Verify that the Edit tab opens and the book “The Moon and the Cap” is editable.

Click the Page 7 thumbnail from the left pane.

Verify that Page 7 is displayed in the right pane.

Right-click the Page 7 thumbnail.

**Verify that the following options are displayed**

Duplicate Page

Duplicate Page Many Times

Copy Page

Copy Hyperlink

Paste Page

Remove Page

Choose Different Layout

Click the Copy Hyperlink option.

Verify that a 'Using a hyperlink' warning message dialog box appears.

Click the “Ok” button from the “Using a hyperlink” dialog.

Click the Page 5 thumbnail from the left pane.

Verify that Page 5 is displayed in the right pane with the text:“I cried a lot. And I did not eat my dinner.”
13. Select the text “I cried a lot.” from the right pane.
14. Verify that the format toolbar appears with the following icons:

Bold (B)

Italic (I)

Underline (U)

Superscript (A&sup2;)

Paste Hyperlink

Text Color (A)
15. Click the “Paste Hyperlink” icon from the format toolbar.
16. Verify that the selected text “I cried a lot.” now appears as a hyperlink.
17. Click the Publish tab.
18. Click the BloomPUB button from the left pane.
19. Verify that the Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
20. Click the Preview button.
21. Use the mouse or keyboard to navigate to Page 5.
22. Verify that the hyperlink appears on Page 5 for the text “I cried a lot.”
23. Click the hyperlink text “I cried a lot.”
24. Verify that the page redirects to Page 7.
25. Click the Edit tab from the top-right corner.
26. Click the Page 8 thumbnail from the left pane.
27. Verify that Page 8 is displayed in the right pane.
28. Select the words“After school” from the right pane.
29. Right-click the Page 8 thumbnail.
30. Verify that the same options listed in Step 7 are displayed.
31. Click the Copy Hyperlink option.
32. Verify that the 'Using a hyperlink' warning message does not appear.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Click the “Collections” tab at the top of the screen.
2. In the English Books section on the left pane, right-click the book titled “The Moon and the Cap.”
3. Click the Delete Book... option from the  menu.
4. Verify that the “Confirm Delete” dialog appears with Cancel and Delete buttons.
5. Click the Delete button.
6. Verify that the book “The Moon and the Cap” is successfully deleted from the list.
7. Close Bloom application.
