---
id: 435
title: "Try pasting in a hyperlink into a selected text in different situations"
description: "(366) Try pasting in a hyperlink into a selected text in different situations try pasting in a hyperlink into selected text in all of the following situations: text which crosses paragraphs; text which crosses over audio segments; portions of formatted text, i.e. not encapsulating the beginning and end points in the .htm marking. Should get a message like this. Try several times to do this. The warning message should repeat. Click on \"Learn More\" and ensure the link works."
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-04
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Click on the ‘Settings’ icon in the Standard toolbar
3. Verify that the ‘Settings’ dialog appeared
4. Click on the ‘Bloom Subscription’ tab
5. Paste the code (Test-727011-1339) in the ‘subscription code’ text box
6. Click on the ‘Restart’ button
7. Verify that the Bloom application is restarted

**Action Steps**

1. Verify that the ‘Sources For New Books’ section is displayed in the left pane
2. Scroll down the section and confirm that the "A Family Learns about Immunisations" book is listed under Sample Shells
3. Click the "A Family Learns about Immunisations" book
4. Verify that the "A Family Learns about Immunisations" book preview is opened in the right pane
5. Click on the ‘MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE’ button
6. Verify that the "A Family Learns about Immunisations" book is opened in the edit mode
7. Click on the Page 7 thumbnail in the left pane
8. Verify that Page 7 is opened in the right pane
9. Click on the Text area below the image
10. Enter the paragraph "They drank tea and talked. Kerol said, “As a nurse, I worry about the children in our villages."
11. Press Enter and add the new line “They need to have their baby shots so they don't get the childhood sicknesses that can kill them."
12. Right click on the Page 7 thumbnail in the left pane
13. Verify that a list of options appeared
14. Click the "Copy Hyperlink" option
15. Verify that a warning message 'Using a hyperlink' appears (only the first time)
16. Click the OK button
17. Click on the Text area below the image
18. Press Ctrl+A to select all the text
19. Verify that "Text Formatting Toolbar" appeared
20. Click the "Paste Hyperlink" button
21. Verify that a warning dialog appeared with a message 'Bloom was not able to make a link. Try selecting only simple text with the “OK” and "Learn More" button.
22. Click the "Learn More" button
23. Verify the corresponding help page opens in the browser
24. Return to the bloom application
25. Click "OK" button in the warning dialog
26. Verify that the warning dialog closed
27. Click on the Hamburger menu in the top right corner
28. Verify that "Talking Book Tool" pane opened
29. Verify the first sentence in the text area highlighted
30. Click and hold the "Speak" icon in the "Talking Book Tool" pane
31. Read and record the line "They drank tea and talked" using microphone
32. Release the mouse from the "Speak" icon
33. Verify that the "Check" icon highlighted in the "Talking Book Tool" pane
34. Click the "Check" icon
35. Verify that the recorded line plays correctly
36. Double click on the particular text in the text area ( Eg: tea )
37. Verify that the particular text is selected
38. Verify that "text formatting toolbar" appeared
39. Click the "Paste Hyperlink" button
40. Verify an warning dialog appeared with a message 'Bloom was not able to make a link. Try selecting only simple text with the “OK” and "Learn More" button.
41. Click the Learn More button
42. Verify the corresponding help page opens in the browser
43. Return to the bloom application
44. Click "OK" button in the warning dialog
45. Verify that the warning dialog closed
46. Double click on the particular text in the text area ( Eg: Kerol )
47. Verify that "text formatting toolbar" appeared
48. Click on the "Text Color" option
49. Verify the color palette opened
50. Select a "Red" color from the color palette
51. Verify that the the selected text color changed into "Red" color
52. Select colored text along with normal text by dragging the mouse( Eg: Kerol said )
53. Verify that "text formatting toolbar" appeared
54. Click the "Paste Hyperlink" button
55. Verify an warning dialog appeared with a message 'Bloom was not able to make a link. Try selecting only simple text' with the OK and "Learn More" button.
56. Click the Learn More button
57. Verify the corresponding help page opens in the browser
58. Return to the bloom application
59. Click "OK" button in the warning dialog
60. Verify that the warning dialog closed
61. Double click on the particular text in the text area ( Eg: worry )
62. Verify that the particular text is selected
63. Verify that "text formatting toolbar" appeared
64. Select the bold option
65. Verify that the selected text format changed into bold
66. Select the bold text together with normal text by dragging the mouse( Eg: worry about )
67. Verify that "text formatting toolbar" appeared
68. Click the "Paste Hyperlink" button
69. Verify an warning dialog appeared with a message 'Bloom was not able to make a link. Try selecting only simple text' with the OK and "Learn More" button.
70. Click the Learn More button
71. Verify the corresponding help page opens in the browser
72. Return to the bloom application
73. Click "OK" button in the warning dialog
74. Verify that the warning dialog closed
75. Select the last word of the first paragraph and the first word of the next paragraph( Eg: villages They )
76. Verify that "text formatting toolbar" appeared
77. Click the "Paste Hyperlink" button
78. Verify an warning dialog appeared with a message 'Bloom was not able to make a link. Try selecting only simple text' with the OK and "Learn More" button.
79. Click the Learn More button
80. Verify the corresponding help page opens in the browser
81. Return to the bloom application
82. Click "OK" button in the warning dialog
83. Verify that the warning dialog closed

**Cleanup Steps**

1     Remove the ‘subscription code’.
2. Delete A Family Learns about Immunisations book.
3. Close Bloom application.
