---
id: 436
title: "Change Bloom UI to French and ensure commas appear in place of decimal points"
description: "(371) Change Bloom UI to French and ensure commas appear in place of decimal points"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-02
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch the Bloom application

**Action Steps**

1. Verify that the UI dropdown appeared on the top right corner of the application
2. Click on the UI dropdown button
3. Verify that the UI dropdown list appeared
4. Click on the ‘Français’.
5. Verify the Bloom UI language is changed to French.
6. Verify that the UI components of the application is changed to French locale
7. Verify that the ‘Sources for New Books’ section appeared on the left pane
8. Click on the ‘Moon and the Cap’ book from the Templates in the ‘Sample Shells’ section
9. Verify that the template preview is opened
10. Click on the ‘MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE’ (eg., créer un livre en utilisant cette source)  button
11. Verify that the template is opened in the edit mode.
12. Click on the page 5 thumbnail from the ‘Pages’ pane.
13. Verify that the user redirected to the 5th Page
14. Click on the text box.
15. Verify that the gear icon appeared on the bottom left corner of the text box
16. Click on the gear icon
17. Verify that the format dialog opened
18. Click on the ‘Characters’ tab
19. Click on the ‘Spacing’ dropdown
20. Verify that the 1.5 should appear as 1,5 in the dropdown list
21. Click on the ‘Paragraph’ tab in the format dialog
22. Click on the ‘Space between Paragraphs’ dropdown
23. Verify that the 0.75 should appear as 0,75 in the dropdown list

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Moon and the Capbook.
2. Close Bloom application.
