---
id: 437
title: "The fonts/sizes in Normal that come from each template should be there"
description: "(452) The fonts/sizes in Normal that come from each template should be there"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-10-22
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download French Decodable Leveledxxxxx.BloomPack from the given link : https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1WWDT2Iz7Q6Mh0Q_96Jiy1Y-RM-NG7UoS
2. Double click on the French Decodable Leveled 2024-05-07.BloomPack.
3. Verify Bloom Pack Installation dialog opens.
4. Click the OK button.
5. Verify the Bloom Pack is installed and opens in the Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Verify 'LR1:Levels 1-3 Word Lengths' book thumbnails appear under French Decodable Leveled heading. (which appears in the lower left pane of the collections view)
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
4. Verify the Level shows 'Level 3 of 7' under Leveled Reader Tool.
5. Click the Collections tab.
6. Verify the Collections view opens.
7. Click the Leveled Reader book under Specialized Templates.
8. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
9. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
10. Verify the Level shows 'Level 3 of 7' under Leveled Reader Tool.
11. Click the Add page button.
12. Verify the Add page dialog opens.
13. Click 'Basic Text & Picture' template under Decodable Reader templates.
14. Click the Add page button.
15. Verify 'Basic Text & Picture' page is added.
16. Enter 'Testing' on the page.
17. Click the gear icon from the text pane.
18. Verify the Format dialog opens.
19. Click the Characters tab.
20. Verify 'Andika' appears as the default font. (which is default)
21. Verify that the font size shows '12' (which is normal)

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the French DecodableLeveled.Bloompack.
2. Close Bloom application.
