---
id: 439
title: "Ensure the Leveled reader 'actual' values are calculated correctly"
description: "(454) Ensure the Leveled reader 'actual' values are calculated correctly"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-10-22
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download French Decodable Leveledxxxxx.BloomPack from the given link : https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1WWDT2Iz7Q6Mh0Q_96Jiy1Y-RM-NG7UoS
2. Double click on the French Decodable Leveled 2024-05-07.BloomPack.
3. Verify Bloom Pack Installation dialog opens.
4. Click the OK button.
5. Verify the Bloom Pack is installed and opens in the Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Verify 'LR1:Levels 1-3 Word Lengths' book thumbnails appear under French Decodable Leveled heading. (which appears in the lower left pane of the collections view)
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
4. Verify the Level shows 'Level 3 of 7' under Leveled Reader Tool.
5. Click the Collections tab.
6. Verify the Collections view opens.
7. Click the Leveled Reader book under Specialized Templates.
8. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
9. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
10. Verify the Level shows 'Level 3 of 7' under Leveled Reader Tool.
11. Click the Add page button.
12. Verify the Add page dialog opens.
13. Click 'Basic Text & Picture' template under Decodable Reader templates.
14. Click the Add page button.
15. Verify 'Basic Text & Picture' page is added.
16. Enter 'Testing Leveled Reader' on the page.
17. Verify the Actual value (This page - per page) shows'3' under Words Counts.
18. Verify the Actual value (this page)  shows '7' under Words Lengths.
19. Verify the Actual value (this page) shows '1' under Sentence counts.
20. Click the Add page button.
21. Verify the Add page dialog opens.
22. Click 'Basic Text & Picture' template under Decodable Reader templates.
23. Click the Add page button.
24. Verify 'Basic Text & Picture' page is added.
25. Enter 'Once upon a time' on the page.
26. Verify the Actual value (This page - per page) shows'4' under Words Counts.
27. Verify the Actual value (this page)  shows '4' under Words Lengths.
28. Verify the Actual value (this page) shows '1' under Sentence counts.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the French DecodableLeveled.Bloompack.
2. Close Bloom application.
