---
id: 440
title: "\"This page\" counts should not be affected by other pages"
description: "(455) \"This page\" counts should not be affected by other pages"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-08-25
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Enter https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1WWDT2Iz7Q6Mh0Q_96Jiy1Y-RM-NG7UoS in the browser window. (Needs Developer's approval)
2. Press the Enter key.
3. Verify Testing / Materials for Bloom Editor / Decodable Reader Rapid test page opens.
4. Click the download button near the 'French Decodable Leveled 2024-05-07.BloomPack' file.
5. Verify the file is downloaded in the Downloads folder.
6. Double click on French Decodable Leveled 2024-05-07.BloomPack file.
7. Verify Bloom Pack Installation dialog opens with the OK button.
8. Click the OK button.
9. Verify the Bloom application opens.
10. Verify the French Decodable Leveled book collection appears on the lower left pane.
11. Click the Settings button.
12. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
13. Click the Change link button under Local Language.
14. Verify Choose Language dialog opens.
15. Enter 'French' in the Search box.
16. Click the 'francais' language box.
17. Verify French language and get selected.
18. Verify the OK button is enabled.
19. Click the OK button.
20. Verify the Restart button appears on the Settings dialog.
21. Click the Restart button.
22. Verify the Bloom get retarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Collections tab.
2. Verify the Collections view appears.
3. Click "LR1:Levels 1-3 Words.." book thumbnail under French Decodable Leveled heading.
4. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button.
5. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
6. Click Page 2 thumbnail.
7. Verify Page 2 appears on the Edit view.
8. Verify '17' appears under Word Counts / This Page / per page / Actual field.
9. Verify '17' appears under Word Counts / This Page / longest sentence / Actual field.
10. Click Page 3 thumbnail.
11. Verify Page 3 appears on the Edit view.
12. Verify '39' appears under Word Counts / This Page / per page / Actual field.
13. Verify '22' appears under Word Counts / This Page / longest sentence / Actual field.
14. Click Page 4 thumbnail.
15. Verify Page 4 appears on the Edit view.
16. Verify '24' appears under Word Counts / This Page / per page / Actual field.
17. Verify '24' appears under Word Counts / This Page / longest sentence / Actual field.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete French Decodable Leveled 2024-05-07.BloomPack
2. Close Bloom application.
