---
id: 442
title: "Make sure count should works with 0, 1, 2 + text blocks on page"
description: "(457) Make sure count should works with 0, 1, 2 + text blocks on page"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-08-25
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the 'Leveled Reader' template under Specialized Templates heading. (which appears at the lower left pane in Collectins view)
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
4. Click the Add Page button.
5. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
6. Click the 1 Problem Arithmetic page.
7. Click the Add Page button.
8. Verify 1 Problem Arithmetic page is added.
9. Enter 'One Problem Arithmetic Page' in the title box.
10. Verify the word count appears on the Leveled Reader Tool menu.
11. Click on the first cell.
12. Enter 'One' in the first cell.
13. Verify all words count increases and appear on the Leveled Reader Tool menu.
14. Click on the second cell.
15. Enter 'Two' in the second cell.
16. Verify all words count increases and appear on the Leveled Reader Tool menu.
17. Click on the third cell.
18. Enter 'Three' in the third cell.
19. Verify all words count increases and appear on the Leveled Reader Tool menu.
20. Click the Add Page button.
21. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
22. Click the 2 Problems Arithmetic page.
23. Click the Add Page button.
24. Verify 2 Problems Arithmetic page is added.
25. Enter 'Two Problem Arithmetic Page' in the title box.
26. Verify the word count appears on the Leveled Reader Tool menu.
27. Click on the first cell on the first row.
28. Enter 'One' in the first cell.
29. Verify all words count increases and appear on the Leveled Reader Tool menu.
30. Click on the second cell on the first row.
31. Enter 'Two' in the second cell.
32. Verify all words count increases and appear on the Leveled Reader Tool menu.
33. Click on the third cell on the first row.
34. Enter 'Three' in the third cell.
35. Verify all words count increases and appear on the Leveled Reader Tool menu.
36. Click on the first cell on the second row.
37. Enter 'four' in the first cell.
38. Verify all words count increases and appear on the Leveled Reader Tool menu.
39. Click on the second cell on the second row.
40. Enter 'five' in the second cell.
41. Verify all words count increases and appear on the Leveled Reader Tool menu.
42. Click on the third cell on the second row.
43. Enter 'six' in the third cell.
44. Verify all words count increases and appear on the Leveled Reader Tool menu.
45. Click the Add Page button.
46. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
47. Click the 3 Problems Arithmetic page.
48. Click the Add Page button.
49. Verify 3 Problems Arithmetic page is added.
50. Enter 'Three Problem Arithmetic Page' in the title box.
51. Verify the word count appears on the Leveled Reader Tool menu.
52. Click on the first cell on the first row.
53. Enter 'One' in the first cell.
54. Verify all words count increases and appear on the Leveled Reader Tool menu.
55. Click on the second cell on the first row.
56. Enter 'Two' in the second cell.
57. Verify all words count increases and appear on the Leveled Reader Tool menu.
58. Click on the third cell on the first row.
59. Enter 'Three' in the third cell.
60. Verify all words count increases and appear on the Leveled Reader Tool menu.
61. Click on the first cell on the second row.
62. Enter 'four' in the first cell.
63. Verify all words count increases and appear on the Leveled Reader Tool menu.
64. Click on the second cell on the second row.
65. Enter 'five' in the second cell.
66. Verify all words count increases and appear on the Leveled Reader Tool menu.
67. Click on the third cell on the second row.
68. Enter 'six' in the third cell.
69. Verify all words count increases and appear on the Leveled Reader Tool menu.
70. Click on the first cell on the third row.
71. Enter 'seven' in the first cell.
72. Verify all words count increases and appear on the Leveled Reader Tool menu.
73. Click on the second cell on the third row.
74. Enter 'eight' in the second cell.
75. Verify all words count increases and appear on the Leveled Reader Tool menu.
76. Click on the third cell on the third row.
77. Enter 'nine' in the third cell.
78. Verify all words count increases and appear on the Leveled Reader Tool menu.
79. Click the Add Page button.
80. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
81. Click the 4 Problems Arithmetic page.
82. Click the Add Page button.
83. Verify 4 Problems Arithmetic page is added.
84. Enter 'Four Problem Arithmetic Page' in the title box.
85. Verify the word count appears on the Leveled Reader Tool menu.
86. Click on the first cell on the first row.
87. Enter 'One' in the first cell.
88. Verify all words count increases and appear on the Leveled Reader Tool menu.
89. Click on the second cell on the first row.
90. Enter 'Two' in the second cell.
91. Verify all words count increases and appear on the Leveled Reader Tool menu.
92. Click on the third cell on the first row.
93. Enter 'Three' in the third cell.
94. Verify all words count increases and appear on the Leveled Reader Tool menu.
95. Click on the first cell on the second row.
96. Enter 'four' in the first cell.
97. Verify all words count increases and appear on the Leveled Reader Tool menu.
98. Click on the second cell on the second row.
99. Enter 'five' in the second cell.
100. Verify all words count increases and appear on the Leveled Reader Tool menu.
101. Click on the third cell on the second row.
102. Enter 'six' in the third cell.
103. Verify all words count increases and appear on the Leveled Reader Tool menu.
104. Click on the first cell on the third row.
105. Enter 'seven' in the first cell.
106. Verify all words count increases and appear on the Leveled Reader Tool menu.
107. Click on the second cell on the third row.
108. Enter 'eight' in the second cell.
109. Verify all words count increases and appear on the Leveled Reader Tool menu.
110. Click on the third cell on the third row.
111. Enter 'nine' in the third cell.
112. Verify all words count increases and appear on the Leveled Reader Tool menu.
113. Click on the first cell on the fourth row.
114. Enter 'ten' in the first cell.
115. Verify all words count increases and appear on the Leveled Reader Tool menu.
116. Click on the second cell on the fourth row.
117. Enter 'eleven' in the second cell.
118. Verify all words count increases and appear on the Leveled Reader Tool menu.
119. Click on the third cell on the fourth row.
120. Enter 'twelve' in the third cell.
121. Verify all words count increases and appear on the Leveled Reader Tool menu.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Leveled Reader book.
2. Close Bloom application.
