---
id: 443
title: "Current Leveled Reader level should apply to new book created from basic/standard template"
description: "(458) Current Leveled Reader level should apply to new book created from basic/standard template"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-08-25
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Enter https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1WWDT2Iz7Q6Mh0Q_96Jiy1Y-RM-NG7UoS in the browser window. (Needs Developer's approval)
2. Press the Enter key.
3. Verify Testing / Materials for Bloom Editor / Decodable Reader Rapid test page opens.
4. Click the download button near the 'French Decodable Leveled 2024-05-07.BloomPack' file.
5. Verify the file is downloaded in the Downloads folder.
6. Double click on French Decodable Leveled 2024-05-07.BloomPack file.
7. Verify Bloom Pack Installation dialog opens with the OK button.
8. Click the OK button.
9. Verify the Bloom application opens.
10. Verify the French Decodable Leveled book collection appears on the lower left pane.
11. Click the Settings button.
12. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
13. Click the Change link button under Local Language.
14. Verify Choose Language dialog opens.
15. Enter 'French' in the Search box.
16. Click the 'francais' language box.
17. Verify French language and get selected.
18. Verify the OK button is enabled.
19. Click the OK button.
20. Verify the Restart button appears on the Settings dialog.
21. Click the Restart button.
22. Verify the Bloom get retarted.
23. Click the Collections tab.
24. Verify the Collections view appears.
25. Click "LR1:Levels 1-3 Words.." book thumbnail under French Decodable Leveled heading.
26. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button.
27. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
28. Click Page 3 thumbnail.
29. Verify Page 3 appears on the Edit view.
30. Verify the level of the book shows “Level 2 of 11” in the Leveled Reader Tool menu.
31. Click on the text box. (eg., "Words on this page have eight..")
32. Press Ctrl+A keys.
33. Verify all the texts are selected.
34. Press Ctrl+C keys.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Collections tab.
2. Verify the Collections view appears.
3. Click the 'Leveled Reader' template under Specialized Templates heading. (which appears at the lower left pane in Collectins view)
4. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
5. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
6. Click the Add Page button.
7. Click the Basic Text & Picture template.
8. Click the Add Page button.
9. Verify the Basic Text & Picture template is added.
10. Click on the text pane.
11. Press Ctrl+V keys.
12. Verify the copied text (ie., "Words on this page have eight..") is pasted on the text pane.
13. Verify the level of the book shows the same level ie., “Level 2 of 11” in the Leveled Reader Tool menu.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete  French Decodable Leveled 2024-05-07.BloomPack file
2. Delete the Leveled Reader book.
3. Close Bloom application.
