---
id: 446
title: "Copy a large text into Word and note the word-count, then copy that into Bloom"
description: "(461) Copy a large text into Word and note the word-count, then copy that into Bloom"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-08-25
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Open Google Word document.
2. Enter the long text  ‘The Greek king Midas did a good deed for a Satyr. This prompted Dionysus, the god of wine, to grant him a wish. Midas asked for everything he touched to turn to gold. Dionysus’ warned him not to do so, but Midas could not be swayed. Midas excitedly started touching everything and turning them into gold. Soon, he became hungry. But he couldn’t eat anything because even his food turned to gold.’
3. Press Ctrl+Shift+C
4. Verify the Word Count dialogue box opens.
5. Verify it shows ‘72’ in the Word Count field.
6. Click the Cancel button.
7. Verify the Word Count dialogue box closes.
8. Press Ctrl+A to select all.
9. Press Ctrl+C to copy the long text.
10. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the 'Leveled Reader' template under Specialized Templates heading. (which appears at the lower left pane in Collectins view)
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
4. Click the Add Page button.
5. Click the 'Just text' template from the Basic Pages heading.
6. Click the Add Page button.
7. Verify 'Just text' page is added
8. Click on the text box.
9. Press Ctrl+V to paste the long text.
10. Verify the Word count on the right most pane.
11. Verify the Word count shows ‘72’

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Close Google document.
2. Delete Leveled Reader book.
3. Close Bloom application.
