---
id: 45
title: "Talking Book Tool"
description: "Test case for Talking Book Tool"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-09
last-modified: 2025-10-26
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Enter 'The Golden Touch' in the Front Cover title box.
6. Click the Add page button.
7. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
8. Select 'Basic Text & Picture' template.
9. Click the Add page button.
10. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
11. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
12. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
13. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
14. Press the Enter key.
15. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
16. Click any of the Car images.
17. Click the OK button.
18. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
19. Enter ‘This is a car’ in the text pane.
20. Click the Hamburger button.
21. Verify the TBT menu opens.
22. Verify the text in the text pane gets highlighted.
23. Click the Advanced button.
24. Select 'By Whole Text Box' recording mode option (if it is not selected).
25. Verify that the whole text gets highlighted.
26. Press and hold the 3)Speak button.
27. Record "This is a car. It's running on the road."
28. Release the 3)Speak button.
29. Verify the 4)Check button is enabled.
30. Click the 4)Check button.
31. Verify the audio plays.
32. Click the 'Adjust Timings..' button.
33. Verify 'Adjust Timings..' dialog opens.
34. Verify that the texts are separated by red indicator line.
35. Click the OK button.
36. Verify that the texts appear with two different blue colors.
37. Turn on 'Show image descriptions' button.
38. Verify the Image Description box appears over the image pane.
39. Click the ID text box.
40. Enter 'It's a Car Image' in the text box.
41. Verify the text gets highlighted.
42. Press and hold the 3)Speak button.
43. Record "It's a Car Image"
44. Release the 3)Speak button.
45. Verify the 4)Check button is enabled.
46. Click the 4)Check button.
47. Verify the audio plays.
48. Turn on the "Show playback order buttons"
49. Verify the playback order number appears on the image pane and the text pane.
50. Click the (-)2 button near the playback order in the ID text box.
51. Verify the playback order number is changed to 1 in the ID text box.
52. Verify the playback order sequence is changed to 2 in the normal text pane.
53. Click the Publish tab.
54. Click the BloomPUB button.
55. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
56. Click the Preview button.
57. Verify the book opens in the preview pane.
58. Click the Next button.
59. Verify that the audio plays in the rearranged playback order.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Basic book.
3. Close Bloom application
