---
id: 450
title: "Verify that all enabled/disabled states make sense in various scenarios"
description: "(521) Verify that all enabled/disabled states make sense in various scenarios"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-10-07
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Enter 'The Golden Touch' in the Front Cover title box.
6. Click the Add page button.
7. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
8. Select 'Basic Text & Picture' template.
9. Click the Add page button.
10. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
11. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
12. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
13. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
14. Press the Enter key.
15. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
16. Click any of the Car images.
17. Click the OK button.
18. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
19. Enter ‘This is a car’ in the text box.
20. Click the Hamburger button.
21. Verify the TBT menu appears.
22. Verify the text gets highlighted.
23. Click the Advanced button.
24. Verify the "Show playback order buttons" option is disabled.
25. Verify the "Show image descriptions" option is disabled.
26. Hover the mouse over "By Sentence" mode.
27. Verify "Record one sentence at a time. You can break up sentences using the "I" character" tooltip appears.
28. Hover the mouse over "By Whole Text Box" mode.
29. Verify "Record the whole text box in one take, or load in a recording" tooltip appears.
30. Hover the mouse over "Show playback order buttons" mode.
31. Verify "Control the order in which various boxes on the page are played back" tooltip appears.
32. Hover the mouse over "Insert Segment Marker" mode.
33. Verify "Click this to insert a "I" character into the text at the current cursor position. This character tells Bloom to introduce a new segment for the purpose of highlighting the text during audio playback. You can also just type the "I" character using your keyboard. Bloom will hide these when you publish" tooltip appears.
34. Turn on the "Show image descriptions" option.
35. Verify the Image Description appears on the picture pane.
36. Click on the text pane of the ID box.
37. Enter "A Car" in the text box.
38. Verify the text gets highlighted.
39. Turn on the "Show playback order buttons" option.
40. Verify all other options in the TBT menu are disabled.
41. Verify the playback order appears on the page.
42. Click the "-" button near number "2". (in the ID text box)
43. Verify the playback order number changed to “1” for the ID text box.
44. Verify the playback order number for the text pane under the picture pane is changed to “2”
45. Turn off the "Show playback order buttons" option.
46. Verify all other options under Advanced mode are enabled.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Basic book.
3. Close Bloom application.
