---
id: 451
title: "Ensure deselecting a quiz answer in Edit doesn't leave residue red bar beside checkbox (Quiz Page)"
description: "(530) Ensure deselecting a quiz answer in Edit doesn't leave residue red bar beside checkbox (Quiz Page)"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-15
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch the Bloom application

**Action Steps**

1. Click on the "Basic Book" from the Sources For New Books in the left Pane.
2. Verify the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button appears on the Right side pane.
3. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify the Basic book appears in the Edit Mode.
5. Click on the Front Cover page from the Left Pane.
6. Verify the Front Cover page appears as Layout on the Right side.
7. Click on the Title Box from the Front Cover page.
8. Type Title as Test.
9. Click on the "Add Page +" button.
10. Verify the "Add Page..." dialog appears.
11. Select the "Comprehension Quiz" Template from the Game Pages.
12. Click the ADD PAGE button.
13. Verify the Page "1" added in the left pane.
14. Click on the Page "1".
15. Verify Page 1 is displayed on the right side.
16. Verify the Game Tool displays on the right end.
17. Verify the Theme Blue on White displays by default.
18. Verify the Page title displays as "Check Your Understanding".
19. Verify the Page title "Check Your Understanding" displays in blue background.
20. Verify the Check boxes appear.
21. Verify the Check boxes outlined in blue color.
22. Click on the Text box with tooltip "Put a comprehension question here".
23. Verify the text box with the tooltip "Put a comprehension question here" is outlined in blue.
24. Click on the text box near the first Checkbox.
25. Verify the tooltip "Put a possible answer here. Check if it is correct" appears.
26. Verify the text box with the tooltip "Put a possible answer here. Check it if it is correct" is outlined in blue.
27. Click on the Text box with tooltip "Put a comprehension question here".
28. Type "Who is Jesus?"
29. Click on the text box near the first Checkbox.
30. Type "Son of God"
31. Click on the first Checkbox.
32. Verify that the first checkbox is checked.
33. Verify that the first checkbox is filled with blue.
34. Click the first checkbox again.
35. Verify that the first checkbox is unchecked.
36. Verify that the first checkbox changes from filled blue to a blue outline.
37. Verify the check box is not outlined with color red.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the "Test" Book.
2. Close Bloom application.
