---
id: 452
title: "Change the header text, type in a couple lines-worth, play with size, check Publish:BloomPUB Preview. (Quiz page)"
description: "(531) Change the header text, type in a couple lines-worth, play with size, check Publish:BloomPUB Preview. (Quiz page)"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-16
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

Launch the Bloom application

**Action Steps**

1. Click on the "Basic Book" from the Sources For New Books in the left Pane.
2. Verify the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button appears on the Right side pane.
3. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify the Basic book appears in the Edit Mode.
5. Click on the Front Cover page from the Left Pane.
6. Verify the Front Cover page appears as Layout on the Right side.
7. Click on the Title Box from the Front Cover page.
8. Type Title as Test.
9. Click on the "Add Page +" button.
10. Verify the "Add Page..." dialog appears.
11. Select the "Comprehension Quiz" Template from the Game Pages.
12. Click the ADD PAGE button.
13. Verify the Page "1" added in the left pane.
14. Click on the Page "1".
15. Verify Page 1 is displayed on the right side.
16. Verify the Game Tool displays on the right end.
17. Verify the Theme Blue on White displays by default.
18. Verify the Header Text displays as "Check Your Understanding".
19. Click on the Header Text box.
20. Modify the Text as "Read the question carefully and select the correct answer from the options below.".
21. Verify Header Text changed as "Read the question carefully and select the correct answer from the options below.".
22. Click on the Text box with tooltip "Put a comprehension question here".
23. Type "What are the different names and titles by which Jesus was known during His time on Earth, and what is the significance of each?"
24. Verify "6" numbers of Check boxes appear.
25. Click on the text box near the first Checkbox.
26. Type "God"
27. Click on the text box near the second Checkbox.
28. Type "Son of God"
29. Click on the text box near the third Checkbox.
30. Type "God's spirit"
31. Click on the text box near the fourth Checkbox.
32. Type "Immanuel"
33. Click on the text box near the fifth Checkbox.
34. Type "Lamb of God"
35. Click on the text box near the Sixth Checkbox.
36. Type "All the Above".
37. Select the Sixth Checkbox.
38. Verify the Sixth Checkbox becomes Checked.
39. Click on the Gear button from the Header text box.
40. Verify the Format dialog appears.
41. Click on the Style Name tab.
42. Verify the Quiz Header displays by default on the Style drop down.
43. Click on the Style drop down.
44. Verify Style options get listed.
45. Select the "Big words" option.
46. Verify the Style "Big words" displays on the Style drop down.
47. Click on the header Text box.
48. Verify the Format dialog closes.
49. Verify that Page 1 retains its content and nothing is lost.
50. Click on the Publish tab.
51. Verify the BloomPUB button appears.
52. Click on the BloomPUB button.
53. Verify the Publish as BloomPUB page appears.
54. Verify the PREVIEW button appears on the Publish as BloomPUB page.
55. Click on the PREVIEW button.
56. Verify the Creating Digital Book dialog appears, and closes.
57. Verify the Preview screen appears under the PREVIEW button.
58. Verify that the page titled 'Test' is displayed.
59. Click on the Next page button.
60. Verify that Page 1 appears.
61. Verify that Page 1 contains all of its content.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the "Test" book.
2. Close Bloom application.
