---
id: 453
title: "In Edit, add a new Quiz page - Ensure the Quiz answer \"cells\" don't spill into the page number on a 16x9 Landscape or Portrait page, or a A5 page"
description: "(532) In Edit, add a new Quiz page - Ensure the Quiz answer \"cells\" don't spill into the page number on a 16x9 Landscape or Portrait page, or a A5 page"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-18
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch the Bloom application

**Action Steps**

1. Click on the "Basic Book" from the Sources For New Books in the left Pane.
2. Verify the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button appears on the Right side pane.
3. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify the Basic book appears in the Edit Mode.
5. Click on the Front Cover page from the Left Pane.
6. Verify the Front Cover page appears as Layout on the Right side.
7. Click on the Title Box from the Front Cover page.
8. Type Title as Test.
9. Click on the "Add Page +" button.
10. Verify the "Add Page..." dialog appears.
11. Select the "Comprehension Quiz" Template from the Game Pages.
12. Click the ADD PAGE button.
13. Verify the Page "1" added in the left pane.
14. Click on the Page "1".
15. Verify Page 1 is displayed on the right side.
16. Verify the Game Tool displays on the right end.
17. Verify the Page header title displays as "Check Your Understanding".
18. Click on the Text box with tooltip "Put a comprehension question here".
19. Type "Leberkas frankfurter tri-tip andouille. Cow pork drumstick sirloin tenderloin prosciutto fatback shankle ball tip tail ground round filet mignon burgdoggen. Pastrami picanha boudin shank."
20. Verify "6" number of Check boxes appear.
21. Click on the answer box near the first Checkbox.
22. Verify the tooltip "Put a possible answer here. Check if it is correct" appears.
23. Click on the answer box near the first Checkbox.
24. Type "Bacon ipsum dolor amet drumstick."
25. Click on the answer box near the Second Checkbox.
26. Type "Short ribs ground round pancetta corned beef."
27. Click on the answer box near the third Checkbox.
28. Type "Short loin ground round ham, tail meatloaf kielbasa cuplim capicoala turkey pork corned beef burgdoggen leberkas turducken."
29. Click on the answer box near the fourth Checkbox.
30. Type "pancetta buffalo ham jerky."
31. Click on the answer box near the fifth Checkbox.
32. Type "Ham bresaola ball tip pastrami. Bacon pork belly tail landjaeger short loin. Tongue sirloin bresaol, boudin pig ribeye venison pastrami drumstick doner corned beef kielbasa ham."
33. Click on the answer box near the sixth Checkbox.
34. Type "Cupim chicken tail sirloin. Bresaola t-bone short ribs meatloaf pastrami tongue pork loin venison short loin belly ball tip jowl."
35. Verify the Choose a page size and orientation dropdown displays "A5 Portrait" by default.
36. Verify that all answer boxes remain within the page layout and do not overlap the page number.
37. Click on the Choose a page size and orientation dropdown.
38. Verify the "Device 16x9 Landscape" Option appears.
39. Select the "Device 16x9 Landscape" Option.
40. Verify the "Device 16x9 Landscape" displays on the Choose a page size and orientation dropdown.
41. Verify the Page preview changes to “Device16x9 Landscape” mode.
42. Verify that all answer boxes remain within the page layout and do not overlap the page number.
43. Click on the Choose a page size and orientation dropdown.
44. Verify the "Device 16x9 Portrait" Option appears.
45. Select the "Device 16x9 Portrait" Option.
46. Verify the "Device 16x9 Portrait" displays on the Choose a page size and orientation dropdown.
47. Verify the Page preview changes to “Device 16x9 Portrait” mode.
48. Verify that all answer boxes remain within the page layout and do not overlap the page number.
49. Click on the Choose a page size and orientation dropdown.
50. Verify the “A5 Landscape” Option appears.
51. Select the “A5 Landscape” Option.
52. Verify the “A5 Landscape” displays on the Choose a page size and orientation dropdown.
53. Verify the Page preview changes to “A5 Landscape” mode.
54. Verify that all answer boxes remain within the page layout and do not overlap the page number.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the "Test" book.
2. Close the Bloom application
