---
id: 454
title: "Ensure Quiz answers expand to cover multiple lines in Edit and Publish:BloomPUB Preview"
description: "(533) Ensure Quiz answers expand to cover multiple lines in Edit and Publish:BloomPUB Preview"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-18
---

# Steps

**Setups Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click an eBook under Templates in the Collections view.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears on the preview pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
5. Enter 'Test Book' on the Front cover title box.
6. Click the Credits Page.
7. Verify the Copyright and License dialog opens.
8. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
9. Click the OK button.
10. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
11. Click the Page size orientation (Device 16x9 Landscape)  dropdown list box.
12. Verify the list box opens.
13. Select ‘Device 16x9 Portrait’ option  from the list box.
14. Verify the page size orientation is changed to Portrait orientation.
15. Click the Add Page button.
16. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
17. Select 'Comprehension Quiz' template under Games Pages.
18. Click the Add Page button.
19. Verify 'Comprehension Quiz' page is added.
20. Click on the Comprehension question text box. (after the Header text box)
21. Enter multiple lines like 'Climate change is considered one of the most pressing global issues of our time. Discuss the main causes and consequences of climate change.
22. Verify the text box expands and all the lines appear inside the text.
23. Click Answer text box 1.
24. Enter 'potential solutions that governments and individuals can implement to mitigate its impact.'in the text box.
25. Verify the text box expands and all the lines appear inside the text.
26. Click Answer text box 2.
27. Enter 'potential solutions that governments and individuals can implement to mitigate its impact.' in the text box.
28. Verify the text box expands and all the lines appear inside the text.
29. Click Answer text box 3.
30. Enter 'potential solutions that governments and individuals can implement to mitigate its impact.' in the text box.
31. Verify the text box expands and all the lines appear inside the text.
32. Click Answer text box 4.
33. Enter 'potential solutions that governments and individuals can implement to mitigate its impact.' in the text box.
34. Verify the text box expands and all the lines appear inside the text.
35. Click Answer text box 5.
36. Enter 'potential solutions that governments and individuals can implement to mitigate its impact.' in the text box.
37. Verify the text box expands and all the lines appear inside the text.
38. Click Answer text box 6.
39. Enter 'potential solutions that governments and individuals can implement to mitigate its impact.' in the text box.
40. Verify the text box expands and all the lines appear inside the text.
41. Click the Publish tab.
42. Click the BloomPUB button.
43. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
44. Click the Preview button.
45. Verify the book opens in the BloomPUB preview pane.
46. Click the Next button.
47. Verify that all the text boxes containing multiple lines appear within the page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Test book.
3. Close Bloom application.
