---
id: 455
title: "Enterprise only (verify) ; add several widget pages (both types) and import various widgets (.wdgt or .htm or .htm )"
description: "(537) Enterprise only (verify) ; add several widget pages (both types) and import various widgets (.wdgt or .htm or .htm )"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-11-20
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download ‘DOKTC 455 Widgets.zip’ file from the given link https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/18cHyUxMxIKVCOL5NcaRwv86IL1xr34WL into the Downloads folder.
2. Unzip ‘DOKTC 455 Widgets.zip in the Downloads folder.
3. Open Bloom application to a collection without a subscription code.

Action Steps
1. Click the eBook template under Templates in the Collections view.
2. Verify ‘MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE’ button is available on the right pane.
3. Click the ‘MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE’ button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
5. Click the Add Page button.
6. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
7. Select ‘Widget Page’ template.
8. Verify ‘This feature requires a Bloom subscription tier of at least “Pro”’ message appears with ‘BLOOM SUBSCRIPTION SETTINGS’ button.
9. Click ‘BLOOM SUBSCRIPTION SETTINGS’ button.
10. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
11. Enter ‘Test-727011-1339’ in the Subscription code.
12. Click the Restart button.
13. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
14. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
15. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
16. Click the Add Page button.
17. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
18. Select ‘Widget Page’ template.
19. Click the ADD PAGE button.
20. Hover over the widget page.
21. Click the Choose Widget button.
22. Verify the Open dialog opens.
23. Click the Downloads option from the left pane.
24. Verify 'DOKTC 455 Widgets' folder appears.
25. Double click on the 'DOKTC 455 Widgets’ folder.
26. Verify 'DOKTC 455 Widgets' folder appears.
27. Double click on the 'DOKTC 455 Widgets' folder.
28. Verify the ‘C_L Training 4 - AP Animation, Audio and Video v1.5.wdgt’ folder appears.
29. Select the ‘C_L Training 4 - AP Animation, Audio and Video v1.5.wdgt’ folder.
30. Click the Open button.
31. Verify the math genius widget page opens correctly.
32. Click the Add Page button.
33. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
34. Select the Captive widget page.
35. Click the ADD PAGE button.
36. Verify the Captive widget page is added.
37. Hover over the Captive widget page.
38. Click the Choose Widget button.
39. Verify the Open dialog opens.
40. Click the Downloads option from the left pane.
41. Verify 'DOKTC 455 Widgets' folder appears.
42. Double click on the 'DOKTC 455 Widgets’ folder.
43. Verify 'DOKTC 455 Widgets' folder appears.
44. Double click on the 'DOKTC 455 Widgets' folder.
45. Verify the ‘HTML File Widget’ folder appears.
46. Double click the ‘HTML File Widget’ folder.
47. Verify the ‘test.html’ file appears.
48. Select the ‘test.html’ file.
49. Click the Open button.
50. Verify the word beach widget page opens correctly.
51. Click the Add Page button.
52. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
53. Double click the ‘Widget Page’ template.
54. Hover over the widget page.
55. Click the Choose Widget button.
56. Verify the Open dialog opens.
57. Click the Downloads option from the left pane.
58. Verify 'DOKTC 455 Widgets' folder appears.
59. Double click on the 'DOKTC 455 Widgets’ folder.
60. Verify 'DOKTC 455 Widgets' folder appears.
61. Double click on the 'DOKTC 455 Widgets' folder.
62. Verify the ‘HTM File Widget’ folder appears.
63. Double click the ‘HTM File Widget’ folder.
64. Verify the ‘index.htm’ file appears.
65. Double-click the ‘index.htm’ file.
66. Click the Open button.
67. Verify the picture matching widget opens correctly.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the ‘DOKTC 455 Widgets’ folder from the Downloads folder.
2. Delete the ‘DOKTC 455 Widgets.zip’ file from the Downloads folder.
3. Delete the Subscription code.
4. Delete the test book.
5. Close Bloom application.
