---
id: 456
title: "Review a couple of books on Bloom Library to verify these are still functioning (Bloom Player test)"
description: "(539) Review a couple of books on Bloom Library to verify these are still functioning (Bloom Player test)"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-10-28
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Enter "https://bloomlibrary.org/sign-language/book/cG7vuKs3TU?lang=ins" in the browser window.
2. Verify the book opens in the bloomlibrary.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the READ button.
2. Verify the book opens in the bloom player.
3. Verify the audio plays.
4. Click the Next button.
5. Verify a video plays.
6. Click on the video.
7. Verify the 'pause' and 'replay' buttons appear.
8. Click on the video again.
9. Verify the video plays.
10. Click the 'pause' button while the video is playing.
11. Verify the video is paused.
12. Verify the 'play' and 'replay' buttons appearing.
13. Click the 'play' button.
14. Verify the video plays.
15. Click the 'pause' button while the video is playing.
16. Verify the video is paused.
17. Verify the 'play' and 'replay' buttons appearing.
18. Click the 'replay' button.
19. Verify the video starts from the beginning.
20. Click the Next button.
21. Verify the audio plays on the page.
22. Click the 'Back' button of the browser window.
23. Verify the (book's) READ page appears.
24. Enter "https://bloomlibrary.org/comics/book/NKkNtKTwOF?lang=en" in the browser window.
25. Verify the book named 'What Do These Birds Say?' opens.
26. Click the READ button.
27. Verify the book opens in the Bloom player.
28. Verify the audio plays in the Front cover page.
29. Click the Next button.
30. Verify a page appears full of bird images.
31. Click the Next button.
32. Verify the 'Start' button appears.
33. Click the 'Start' button.
34. Verify a page opens with audio.
35. Click on the first box to hear the sound.
36. Verify audio plays.
37. Click on the second box to hear the sound.
38. Verify audio plays.
39. Click the 'Back' button of the browser window.
40. Verify the (book's) READ page appears.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Close the browser window.
