---
id: 457
title: "Leave page, and then leave book and come back, motion should still be activated"
description: "(543) Leave page, and then leave book and come back, motion should still be activated"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-18
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click an eBook under Templates.
2. Verify 'Make a Book using this Source' button appears on the right pane.
3. Click the 'Make a Book using this Source' button.
4. Verify it opens in the edit mode.
5. Enter 'Motion Book' in the Front Cover title box.
6. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
7. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
8. Enter 'Flower' in the Search box.
9. Press the Enter key.
10. Verify Flower images appear on the preview pane.
11. Click any of the flower images.
12. Click the OK button.
13. Verify the Flower image appears on the picture pane.
14. Click the Credits Page thumbnail.
15. Verify the Credits page opens.
16. Click the 'Needs Copyright' button.
17. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
18. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
19. Click the OK button.
20. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
21. Click the Add Page button.
22. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
23. Click the 'Basic Picture & Text'  template.
24. Click the Add page button.
25. Verify the 'Basic Picture & Text'is added.
26. Click the Picture pane.
27. Click the Change Image button.
28. Verify the Image toolbox opens.
29. Type 'car' in the Search bar.
30. Click the Search button.
31. Verify the Car image appears.
32. Click the Car image.
33. Click the Insert button.
34. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
35. Click the Text Box to appear below the Picture pane.
36. Enter a paragraph 'A car, or automobile, is a four-wheeled motor vehicle designed primarily for transporting a small number of people, powered by an engine using fuels like petrol, diesel, CNG, or electricity. They feature a steering wheel, headlights, windows, and other components like air conditioning and airbags to enhance safety and comfort.' in the text box.
37. Click the Hamburger button.
38. Verify the TBT menu opens.
39. Click the More..option.
40. Verify the More..option menu opens.
41. Select the Motion Tool checkbox.
42. Verify the 2 rectangle boxes are appearing on the image.
43. Click the Preview button under the Motion Tool menu.
44. Verify the Motion works on the page.
45. Click the Add page button.
46. Verify Add page dialog opens.
47. Select 'Just text' page.
48. Click the Add page button.
49. Verify the Just text page is added.
50. Click Page 1 thumbnail.
51. Verify Page 1 opens in the edit view.
52. Verify the Motion feature still activated on the image.
53. Click the Close button of the Bloom Window.
54. Verify the Bloom application closes.
55. Relaunch Bloom application.
56. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
57. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
58. Verify the Motion feature still activated on the page.
59. Click the Preview button.
60. Verify the Motion works on the page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Test book.
3. Close Bloom application.
