---
id: 458
title: "Move rectangle 1 and rectangle 2 around, resize, ensure preview gives expected results"
description: "(544) Move rectangle 1 and rectangle 2 around, resize, ensure preview gives expected results"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-18
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click an eBook under Templates.
2. Verify 'Make a Book using this Source' button appears on the right pane.
3. Click the 'Make a Book using this Source' button.
4. Verify it opens in the edit mode.
5. Enter 'Motion Book in Bloom Reader' in the Front Cover title box.
6. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
7. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
8. Enter 'Flower' in the Search box.
9. Press the Enter key.
10. Verify Flower images appear on the preview pane.
11. Click any of the flower images.
12. Click the OK button.
13. Verify the Flower image appears on the picture pane.
14. Click the Credits Page thumbnail.
15. Verify the Credits page opens.
16. Click the 'Needs Copyright' button.
17. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
18. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
19. Click the OK button.
20. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
21. Click the Add Page button.
22. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
23. Click the 'Basic Picture & Text'  template.
24. Click the Add page button.
25. Verify the 'Basic Picture & Text'is added.
26. Click the Picture pane.
27. Click the Change Image button.
28. Verify the Image toolbox opens.
29. Type 'car' in the Search bar.
30. Click the Search button.
31. Verify the Car image appears.
32. Click the Car image.
33. Click the Insert button.
34. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
35. Click the Text Box to appear below the Picture pane.
36. Click the Text Box to appear below the Picture pane.
37. Enter a paragraph 'A car, or automobile, is a four-wheeled motor vehicle designed primarily for transporting a small number of people, powered by an engine using fuels like petrol, diesel, CNG, or electricity. They feature a steering wheel, headlights, windows, and other components like air conditioning and airbags to enhance safety and comfort.' in the text box.
38. Click the Hamburger button.
39. Verify the TBT menu opens.
40. Click the More..option.
41. Verify the More..option menu opens.
42. Select the Motion Tool checkbox.
43. Verify the 2 rectangle boxes are appearing on the image.
44. Click rectangle 1.
45. Click on the number 1 icon.
46. Drag the number 1 rectangle box to the bottom right corner of the image pane.
47. Click rectangle 2.
48. Click on the number 2 icon.
49. Drag the number 2 rectangle box to the top left corner of the image pane
50. Click the Preview button.
51. Verify the Motion works.
52. Click the rectangle 1.
53. Click the bottom right corner of the rectangle 1 box.
54. Drag the resize button to the left.
55. Verify the rectangle 1 box size decreases.
56. Click the rectangle 2.
57. Click the bottom right corner of the rectangle 2 box.
58. Drag the resize button to the left.
59. Verify the rectangle 2 box size decreases.
60. Click the Preview button.
61. Verify the Motion works on the page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Test book.
3. Close Bloom application.
