---
id: 459
title: "Zoom to smaller and larger than 100%, motion should still work and rectangles can be arranged as desired"
description: "(545)Zoom to smaller and larger than 100%, motion should still work and rectangles can be arranged as desired"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-15
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click an eBook under Templates in the Collections view.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears on the preview pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
5. Enter 'Motion Book' on the Front cover title box.
6. Click the Credits Page.
7. Verify the Copyright and License dialog opens.
8. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
9. Click the OK button.
10. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
11. Click the Add Page button.
12. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
13. Click 'Just a Picture' template.
14. Click the Add Page button.
15. Verify the 'Just a Picture' is added.
16. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
17. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
18. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
19. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
20. Press the Enter key.
21. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
22. Click any of the Car images.
23. Click the OK button.
24. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
25. Click the Hamburger button.
26. Verify the TBT tool menu opens.
27. Click the More..option which appears at the bottom of the pane.
28. Verify More..menu opens.
29. Select the Motion Tool Check box.
30. Verify the two rectangle boxes appear on the image pane.
31. Click the 2nd rectangle box. (where the number displays)
32. Drag it towards the lower right pane.
33. Click the Preview button.
34. Verify the motion feature works.
35. Click on the zoom out button which appears at the top right corner of the page.
36. Verify the zoom size decreases to 90%
37. Click the Preview button.
38. Verify the motion feature works.
39. Click the zoom out (-) button to decrease the zoom size to 30%.
40. Click the Preview button.
41. Verify the motion feature works.
42. Click the zoom in(+) button to increase the zoom size to 160%.
43. Click the Preview button.
44. Verify the motion feature works.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the eBook.
3. Close Bloom application.
