---
id: 46
title: "Comprehension Quiz Pages"
description: "Test case for Comprehension Quiz Pages"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-09
last-modified: 2025-10-27
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book under Templates.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
4. Click the Add Page button.
5. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
6. Select 'Comprehension Quiz' template under Games Pages.
7. Click the 'Add Page' button.
8. Verify the Quiz Page is added.
9. Verify "Check Your Understanding" headline appears with a blue background.
10. Enter "Why is cycling so much better than football?" in the text box.
11. Click the gear icon in the question text box.
12. Verify 'Quiz Question' style appears in the Format dialog.
13. Click outside of the Format dialog box.
14. Verify the Format dialog closes.
15. Verify that there are 6 answer text boxes appearing one by one on the page. (below the question text box)
16. Verify each text box appears with empty check boxes.
17. Click the gear icon in (any of)the answer text box.
18. Verify 'Quiz Answer' style appears in the Format dialog.
19. Click outside of the Format dialog box.
20. Verify the Format dialog closes.
21. Type “You can cycle alone whereas football requires a team.” in the 1 text box.
22. Type “You can cycle practically anywhere whereas football requires a special field.” in the 2nd text box.
23. Type “While cycling, you aren't subjecting your brain to repeated trauma-- generally, this is a good thing, but arguably, might not be for some people.” in the 3rd text box.
24. Type “You can cycle with your wife and kids” in the 4th text box.
25. Type “You can cycle in nature and explore God's creation. In football, all you can do is smell the other guy's sweat” in the 5th text box.
26. Type “All of the above.” in the 6th text box.
27. Click the PDF & Print button.
28. Verify Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
29. Click the Simple Booklet Mode button.
30. Navigate to the Comprehension Quiz page.
31. Verify that the paragraph spacing on the quiz page in the PDF is the same as on the page in Bloom Edit.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Basic book.
3. Close Bloom application.
