---
id: 461
title: "Add voice (paragraph-mode). Check 1) Motion Tool Preview, 2) Bloom Reader Preview"
description: "(547)Add voice (paragraph-mode). Check 1) Motion Tool Preview, 2) Bloom Reader Preview"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-10-28
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Connect the Android mobile(with Bloom Reader installed) via USB cable to the Computer.
2. Launch Bloom application
3. Click the Settings button.
4. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
5. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
6. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
7. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
8. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
9. Click the Restart button.
10. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click an eBook under Templates.
2. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button.
3. Verify it opens in the edit mode.
4. Enter 'Motion Book in Bloom Reader' in the Front Cover title box.
5. Click the Add Page button.
6. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
7. Click the 'Basic Picture & Text'  template.
8. Click the Add page button.
9. Verify the 'Basic Picture & Text'is added.
10. Click the Picture pane.
11. Click the Change Image button.
12. Verify the Image toolbox opens.
13. Type 'car' in the Search bar.
14. Click the Search button.
15. Verify the Car image appears on the preview pane.
16. Click a Car image from the preview pane.
17. Click the OK button.
18. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
19. Click the Text Box to appear below the Picture pane.
20. Enter a paragraph 'A car, or automobile, is a four-wheeled motor vehicle designed primarily for transporting a small number of people, powered by an engine using fuels like petrol, diesel, CNG, or electricity." in the text box.
21. Click the Humburger button.
22. Verify the TBT menu opens.
23. Verify the paragraph is highlighted in the text pane.
24. Click the Advanced button.
25. Verify the Advanced menu opens.
26. Select 'By Whole Text Box' recording mode. (if it is not selected)
27. Press and hold the 3)Speak button.
28. Record “A car, or automobile, is a four-wheeled motor vehicle designed primarily for transporting a small number of people, powered by an engine using fuels like petrol, diesel, CNG, or electricity.” using a microphone.
29. Release the 3)Speak button.
30. Verify the 4)Check button is enabled.
31. Click the 4)Check button.
32. Verify the entire audio plays.
33. Click on the Image pane.
34. Click the More..options which appears under the TBT menu.
35. Verify the More..menu opens.
36. Select the Motion Tool checkbox.
37. Verify the 2 rectangle boxes appear on the image (car) pane.
38. Verify the Voice check box is selected.
39. Click the Preview button.
40. Verify that the motion feature continues to work until the full audio has finished playing.
41. Click the Publish tab.
42. Click the BloomPUB button.
43. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
44. Click the Preview button.
45. Verify the book opens correctly on the bloom player.
46. Verify that the motion feature continues to work until the full audio has finished playing.
47. Select the 'Send over USB cable' radio button.
48. Click the CONNECT WITH USB CABLE button.
49. Verify the Publishing dialog opens.
50. Verify the Publishing dialog closes after a few seconds.
51. Open Bloom Reader app in the Mobile.
52. Verify the published book appears under the book menu.
53. Change the Mobile orientation from Portrait to Landscape.
54. Tap the published book. (eg., Motion Book in Bloom Reader).
55. Verify the Front cover page appears.
56. Tap to the Next page.
57. Verify that the motion feature continues to work until the full audio has finished playing.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Disconnect the Android mobile from the computer.
2. Delete the Subscription code.
3. Delete the eBook.
4. Close Bloom application.
