---
id: 465
title: "Motion should still work properly on targeted page"
description: "(551) Motion should still work properly on targeted page"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-15
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download Sample Music mp3 file from the given link : https://download.samplelib.com/mp3/sample-6s.mp3 in the download folder.
2. Connect the Android Mobile to the computer via USB cable.
3. Enable ‘File transfer / Android Auto’ option in the Android mobile.
4. Tap the ‘Play Store’ application in the Android Mobile.
5. Verify the Play Store application opens.
6. Type ‘Bloom Reader’ in the Search bar.
7. Verify the ‘Bloom Reader application appears in the application list.
8. Click the “Install’ button.
9. Click the ‘Open’ button.
10. Verify the Bloom Reader application opens in the Mobile device.
11. Launch Bloom application
12. Click the Settings button.
13. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
14. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
15. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
16. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
17. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
18. Click the Restart button.
19. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click an eBook under Templates.
2. Verify 'Make a Book using this Source' button appears on the right pane.
3. Click the 'Make a Book using this Source' button.
4. Verify it opens in the edit mode.
5. Enter 'Motion Book' in the Front Cover title box.
6. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
7. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
8. Enter 'Flower' in the Search box.
9. Press the Enter key.
10. Verify Flower images appear on the preview pane.
11. Click any of the flower images.
12. Click the OK button.
13. Verify the Flower image appears on the picture pane.
14. Click the Credits Page thumbnail.
15. Verify the Credits page opens.
16. Click the 'Needs Copyright' button.
17. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
18. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
19. Click the OK button.
20. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
21. Click the Add Page button.
22. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
23. Click the 'Basic Picture & Text'  template.
24. Click the Add page button.
25. Verify the 'Basic Picture & Text'is added.
26. Click the Picture pane.
27. Click the Change Image button.
28. Verify the Image toolbox opens.
29. Type 'car' in the Search bar.
30. Click the Search button.
31. Verify the Car image appears.
32. Click the Car image.
33. Click the Insert button.
34. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
35. Click the Text Box to appear below the Picture pane.
36. Enter a paragraph 'A car, or automobile, is a four-wheeled motor vehicle designed primarily for transporting a small number of people, powered by an engine using fuels like petrol, diesel, CNG, or electricity. They feature a steering wheel, headlights, windows, and other components like air conditioning and airbags to enhance safety and comfort.' in the text box.
37. Click the Humburger button.
38. Verify the TBT menu opens.
39. Verify the paragraph is highlighted in the text pane.
40. Click the Advanced button.
41. Verify the Advanced menu opens.
42. Select 'By Whole Text Box' recording mode.
43. Verify the entire paragraph is highlighted.
44. Press and hold the Speak button.
45. Record 'A car, or automobile, is a four-wheeled motor vehicle designed primarily for transporting a small number of people, powered by an engine using fuels like petrol, diesel, CNG, or electricity'using microphone. They feature a steering wheel, headlights, windows, and other components like air conditioning and airbags to enhance safety and comfort.'using Microphone.
46. Release the Speak button.
47. Verify the Check button is enabled.
48. Click the 'Listen to the whole page' button.
49. Verify the entire audio plays.
50. Click on the Image pane.
51. Click the More..options which appears under the TBT menu.
52. Verify the More..menu opens.
53. Select the Motion Tool checkbox.
54. Verify the 2 rectangle boxes appear on the image (car) pane.
55. Verify the Voice check box is selected.
56. Verify the Music checkbox is ticked.
57. Click the More...option.
58. Verify the More...menu opens.
59. Click the Music Tool checkbox.
60. Verify the Music Tool menu opens.
61. Click the 'Choose..' button.
62. Verify Open dialog appears.
63. Click the Downloads option from the left pane.
64. Select 'sample-x.mp3' file.
65. Click the Open button.
66. Verify the Sample-x.mp3 file is added into the Music tool menu.
67. Click the Motion Tool option.
68. Verify the Motion Tool menu opens.
69. Click the Preview button.
70. Verify the Music plays along with the audio when the motion feature is working.
71. Click the Publish tab.
72. Click the BloomPUB button.
73. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
74. Click the Preview button.
75. Verify the book opens correctly on the bloom player.
76. Select the 'Send over USB cable' radio button.
77. Click the CONNECT WITH USB CABLE button.
78. Verify the Publishing dialog opens.
79. Verify the Publishing dialog closes after a few seconds.
80. Open Bloom Reader app in the Mobile.
81. Verify the published book appears under the book menu.
82. Change the Mobile orientation from Portrait to Landscape.
83. Tap the published book. (eg., Motion Book in Bloom Reader).
84. Verify the Front cover page appears.
85. Tap to the Next page.
86. Verify the Motion works with audio playback along with music for the entire page.
87. Click the Close button of the Bloom application. (from the computer)
88. Verify the Bloom application closes.
89. Relaunch Bloom application.
90. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
91. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
92. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
93. Click Page 1 thumbnail.
94. Verify page 1 appears on the edit view.
95. Click on the Motion Tool option.
96. Verify the Motion tool menu opens.
97. Click the Preview button.
98. Verify the Music plays along with the audio when the motion feature is working.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Uninstall Bloom Reader from the Android Mobile.
2. Remove the USB cable from the computer.
3. Delete the Subscription code.
4. Delete the eBook.
5. Close Bloom application.
