---
id: 467
title: "Unable to deselect \"motion book\" in Publish"
description: "(553)Follow instructions in BL-7680 and make sure this doesn't happen"
issues:
  - https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-7680
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-15
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify 'Make a Book using this Source' button appears on the right pane.
3. Click the 'Make a Book using this Source' button.
4. Verify it opens in the edit mode.
5. Enter 'Basic Book' in the Front Cover title box.
6. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
7. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
8. Enter 'Flower' in the Search box.
9. Press the Enter key.
10. Verify Flower images appear on the preview pane.
11. Click any of the flower images.
12. Click the OK button.
13. Verify the Flower image appears on the picture pane.
14. Click the Credits Page thumbnail.
15. Verify the Credits page opens.
16. Click the 'Needs Copyright' button.
17. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
18. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
19. Click the OK button.
20. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
21. Click the Add Page button.
22. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
23. Click the 'Just a Picture'  template.
24. Click the Add page button.
25. Verify the 'Just a Picture'page is added.
26. Click the Picture pane.
27. Click the Change Image button.
28. Verify the Image toolbox opens.
29. Type 'car' in the Search bar.
30. Click the Search button.
31. Verify the Car images appear on the preview pane.
32. Click any of the Car images.
33. Click the OK button.
34. Verify the Car image is added on the picture pane.
35. Click on the Picture pane.
36. Click the More..options which appears under the TBT menu.
37. Verify the More..menu opens.
38. Select the Motion Tool checkbox.
39. Verify the 2 rectangle boxes appear on the image (car) pane.
40. Click the Preview button.
41. Verify the motion feature is working fine.
42. Click the Publish tab.
43. Click the BloomPUB button.
44. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
45. Verify the Motion Book feature is selected.
46. Click on the Edit tab.
47. Verify Page 1 appears on the edit view.
48. De-select ‘Enable Motion on this page’ check box.
49. Click the Publish tab.
50. Click the BloomPUB button.
51. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
52. Verify the Motion Book feature is de-selected and greyed out.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Basic Book.
3. Close Bloom application.
