---
id: 468
title: "Add music to Xmatter pages"
description: "(560) Add music to Xmatter pages"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-15
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download Sample Music mp3 file from the given link : https://download.samplelib.com/mp3/sample-6s.mp3 in the download folder.
2. Launch Bloom application
3. Click the Settings button.
4. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
5. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
6. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
7. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
8. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
9. Click the Restart button.
10. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify 'Make a Book using this Source' button appear on the right pane.
3. Click the 'Make a Book using this Source' button.
4. Verify it opens in the edit mode.
5. Enter 'Music Book' in the Front Cover title box.
6. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
7. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
8. Enter 'Flower' in the Search box.
9. Press the Enter key.
10. Verify Flower images appear on the preview pane.
11. Click any of the flower images.
12. Click the OK button.
13. Verify the Flower image appears on the picture pane.
14. Click the Credits Page thumbnail.
15. Verify the Credits page opens.
16. Click the 'Needs Copyright' button.
17. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
18. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
19. Click the OK button.
20. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
21. Click the Add Page button.
22. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
23. Click the 'Just a Picture'  template.
24. Click the Add page button.
25. Verify the 'Just a Picture'page is added.
26. Click the Picture pane.
27. Click the Change Image button.
28. Verify the Image toolbox opens.
29. Type 'car' in the Search bar.
30. Click the Search button.
31. Verify the Car images appear on the preview pane.
32. Click any of the Car images.
33. Click the OK button.
34. Verify the Car image is added on the picture pane.
35. Click the Collections tab.
36. Verify the Collections view appears.
37. Click the Settings button.
38. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
39. Click the Book Making tab.
40. Click the 'Paper Saver' option.
41. Verify the Restart button appears.
42. Click the Restart button.
43. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
44. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
45. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
46. Verify the credits appear inside of the front cover.
47. Click the Humburger button.
48. Verify the TBT menu opens.
49. Click the More...option.
50. Verify the More...menu opens.
51. Click the Music Tool checkbox.
52. Verify the Music Tool menu opens.
53. Click the 'Choose..' button.
54. Verify Open dialog appears.
55. Click the Downloads option from the left pane.
56. Select 'sample-x.mp3' file.
57. Click the Open button.
58. Verify the Sample-x.mp3 file is added into the Music tool menu.
59. Click the Preview button.
60. Verify the Music plays.
61. Click the close button of the Bloom window.
62. Verify Bloom application closes.
63. Relaunch Bloom application.
64. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
65. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
66. Click Page 1 thumbnail.
67. Verify Page 1 appears on the edit view.
68. Click on the Play button.
69. Verify the music plays.
70. Click the Collections tab.
71. Verify the Collections view appears.
72. Click the Settings button.
73. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
74. Click the Book Making tab.
75. Click the ‘SIL-PNG' option.
76. Verify the Restart button appears.
77. Click the Restart button.
78. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
79. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
80. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
81. Verify the SIL-PNG information appears on the Credits page.
82. Click Page 1 thumbnail.
83. Verify Page 1 appears on the edit view.
84. Click on the Play button.
85. Verify the music plays.
86. Click the Collections tab.
87. Verify the Collections view appears.
88. Click the Settings button.
89. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
90. Click the Book Making tab.
91. Click the ‘Super Paper Saver' option.
92. Verify the Restart button appears.
93. Click the Restart button.
94. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
95. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
96. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
97. Verify this puts the title page on the inside of the front cover and the credits on the inside of the back cover.
98. Click Page 1 thumbnail.
99. Verify Page 1 appears on the edit view.
100. Click on the Play button.
101. Verify the music plays.
102. Click the Collections tab.
103. Verify the Collections view appears.
104. Click the Settings button.
105. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
106. Click the Book Making tab.
107. Click the ‘Traditional' option.
108. Verify the Restart button appears.
109. Click the Restart button.
110. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
111. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
112. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
113. Verify the Credits on the back of the title page.
114. Click Page 1 thumbnail.
115. Verify Page 1 appears on the edit view.
116. Click on the Play button.
117. Verify the music plays.
118. Click the Collections tab.
119. Verify the Collections view appears.
120. Click the Settings button.
121. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
122. Click the Book Making tab.
123. Click the ‘Device' option.
124. Verify the Restart button appears.
125. Click the Restart button.
126. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
127. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
128. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
129. Verify it moves front matter pages to the back.
130. Click Page 1 thumbnail.
131. Verify Page 1 appears on the edit view.
132. Click on the Play button.
133. Verify the music plays.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Sample-x.mp3 file.
2. Delete the Subscription code.
3. Delete the Basic Book.
4. Close Bloom application.
