---
id: 469
title: "Try out all options of No Music, Continue Music, and Start new music in a single book"
description: "(561) Try out all options of No Music, Continue Music, and Start new music in a single book"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-18
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download Sample Music mp3 file from the given link : https://download.samplelib.com/mp3/sample-6s.mp3 in the download folder.
2. Connect the Android Mobile to the computer via USB cable.
3. Tap the ‘Play Store’ application in the Android Mobile.
4. Verify the Play Store application opens.
5. Type ‘Bloom Reader’ in the Search bar.
6. Verify the ‘Bloom Reader application appears in the application list.
7. Click the “Install’ button.
8. Click the ‘Open’ button.
9. Verify the Bloom Reader application opens in the Mobile device.
10. Launch Bloom application
11. Click the Settings button.
12. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
13. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
14. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
15. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
16. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
17. Click the Restart button.
18. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click an eBook under Templates in the Collections view.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears on the preview pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
5. Enter 'Music Book' on the Front cover title box.
6. Click the Credits Page.
7. Verify the Copyright and License dialog opens.
8. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
9. Click the OK button.
10. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
11. Click the Add Page button.
12. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
13. Click the 'Basic Text & Picture' template.
14. Click the Add Page button.
15. Verify the 'Basic Text & Picture' is added.
16. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
17. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
18. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
19. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
20. Press the Enter key.
21. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
22. Click any of the Car images.
23. Click the OK button.
24. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
25. Click on the text pane.
26. Enter ‘This is a Car’ in the text pane.
27. Click the Add Page button.
28. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
29. Select 'Picture on Bottom' template.
30. Click the Add Page button.
31. Verify the 'Picture on Bottom' is added.
32. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
33. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
34. Enter 'Flower' in the Search box.
35. Press the Enter key.
36. Verify Flower images appear on the preview pane.
37. Click any of the Flower images.
38. Click the OK button.
39. Verify the Flower image appears on the picture pane.
40. Click on the text pane which appears at the top of the page.
41. Enter ‘This is a Flower’ in the text pane.
42. Verify the entered text appears on the text pane.
43. Click the Add Page button.
44. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
45. Click 'Just a Picture' template.
46. Click the Add Page button.
47. Verify the 'Just a Picture' is added.
48. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
49. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
50. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
51. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
52. Press the Enter key.
53. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
54. Click any of the Car images.
55. Click the OK button.
56. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
57. Click Page 1 thumbnail.
58. Verify Page 1 appears on the Edit view.
59. Click the Hamburger button.
60. Verify the TBT tool menu opens.
61. Click the More..option which appears at the bottom of the pane.
62. Verify More..menu opens.
63. Select the Music Tool Check box.
64. Verify the Music Tool menu opens.
65. Select 'Start new music..' radio button.
66. Click the 'Choose...' link button.
67. Verify the Open dialog appears.
68. Click the Downloads from the left pane.
69. Verify the Downloads folder opens.
70. Select 'sample-x.mp3'music file. (eg., sample-3s.mp3)
71. Click the Open button.
72. Verify the music file added in the Music tool.
73. Verify the play button is enabled.
74. Click the Play button.
75. Verify the music plays.
76. Click the Pause button.
77. Verify the music stopped.
78. Click Page 2 thumbnail.
79. Verify Page 2 appears on the Edit view.
80. Verify 'Continue music from previous page' is selected under the Music tool menu.
81. Click Page 3 thumbnail.
82. Verify Page 3 appears on the Edit view.
83. Verify 'Continue music from previous page' is selected under the Music tool menu.
84. Select 'No Music' radio button.
85. Click the Publish tab.
86. Click the BloomPUB button.
87. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
88. Select 'Send over USB Cable' option.
89. Click the  CONNECT WITH USE CABLE button.
90. Verify Publishing dialog appears.
91. Verify the Publishing dialog closes.
92. Open Bloom Reader in the Android Mobile.
93. Verify ‘Music Book’ appears on the menu.
94. Tap the Music Book thumbnail.
95. Verify the book appears in landscape view.
96. Verify the Front cover page.
97. Tap to the Next page. (Page 1)
98. Verify the Music plays.
99. Tap to the Next page. (Page 2)
100. Verify the Music plays.
101. Tap to the Next page. (Page 3)
102. Verify no music plays in the background.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Remove the USB cable from the Mobile.
2. Uninstall Bloom Reader from the Android mobile.
3. Delete the Samplex.mp3 file.
4. Delete the Subscription code.
5. Delete Music Book.
6. Close Bloom application.
