---
id: 47
title: "Motion Tool"
description: "Test case for Motion Tool"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-09
last-modified: 2025-07-31
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click an eBook.
2. Verify the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button available on the right pane.
3. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Click the Add Page button.
6. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
7. Click the 'Just a Picture' template under Basic Pages heading.
8. Click the Add Page button.
9. Verify the 'Picture' page is added to the edit view.
10. Click the 'Change Image' button.
11. Verify the Image toolbox opens.
12. Type 'car' in the Search bar.
13. Verify the car images appear on the images pane.
14. Click any of the car images in the images pane.
15. Click the OK button.
16. Verify the Car image is added in the Picture page.
17. Click the three lines button which appears at the right side of the Bloom Editor.
18. Verify "More.." option appears on the right most pane.
19. Click the 'More..' option.
20. Verify the 'More' menu opens.
21. Click the 'Motion Tool' option check box to enable the feature.
22. Verify a warning message 'This feature requires a bloom subscription tier of at least "Pro" with Bloom Subscription Settings button.
23. Click on the 'Bloom Subscription Settings' button.
24. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
25. Verify Bloom Subscription tab opens.
26. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' on the Subscription code.
27. Click the Restart button.
28. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
29. Click the 'EDIT THIS BOOK' button.
30. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
31. Verify there are two rectangles (rectangle 1 and rectangle 2) appearing on the picture.
32. Click the 'Preview' button to start a preview.
33. Verify Picture moves from left to right in the Picture pane.
34. Verify the Preview button changes to a 'Pause' button.
35. Click the Publish tab.
36. Click the BloomPUB button.
37. Verify Publish as BloomPUB page opens.
38. Click the Preview button.
39. Click the Next button in the BloomPUB preview pane.
40. Verify the Picture moves from left to right in the preview.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the eBook.
2. Close Bloom application.
