---
id: 474
title: "Verify recorded-by-sentence text highlighting persists in regular text box"
description: "(569) With Talking Book Tool open, navigate away from pages then back again; ensure highlighting of IDs recorded by sentence and recorded by paragraph display correctly"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-18
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click 'The Moon and the Cap' Shell book under Sample Shells.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the Book opens in the Edit view.
5. Click Page 1 thumbnail.
6. Verify Page 1 appears on the Edit view.
7. Click the Hamburger button.
8. Verify the Talking Book Tool menu opens.
9. Verify the text on the page is highlighted.
10. Click the Advanced button from the TBT.
11. Select 'By Whole Text Box' option (if not selected by default).
12. Press and Hold the Speak button.
13. Record 'All of us went to the fun fair.'
14. Verify the Check button is enabled.
15. Click Page 2.
16. Verify the entire text gets highlighted.
17. Press and Hold the Speak button.
18. Record 'Father bought brother fancy glasses. Mother bought me a bright blue cap. The baby got sugar candy.'.
19. Release the Speak button.
20. Verify the Check button is enabled.
21. Click Page 1.
22. Click More...option (which appears at the bottom of the TBT menu)
23. Verify the More option opens.
24. Select 'Image Description Tool' checkbox.
25. Verify Image description window appears.
26. Click on the ID text box.
27. Enter 'There are two boys going with their parents. Their sister appears behind them.'
28. Click Page 2.
29. Verify Image description window appears.
30. Enter 'One boy is wearing a cap, and another boy is wearing fancy glasses. The baby has a sugar candy' in the text box.
31. Click Page 1.
32. Verify Image description window appears.
33. Click on the text in the text box.
34. Click the TBT option.
35. Verify the entire text is highlighted.
36. Select 'By Sentence' recording mode under Advanced option.
37. Verify the first sentence of the paragraph is highlighted.
38. Press and Hold the Speak button.
39. Record 'There are two boys going with their parents.'
40. Release the Speak button.
41. Click the Next button.
42. Verify the next sentence of the paragraph is highlighted.
43. Press and Hold the Speak button.
44. Record 'Their sister appears behind them'
45. Release the Speak button.
46. Click Page 2.
47. Verify Image description window appears.
48. Click on the text in the Image description window.
49. Verify the entire text is highlighted.
50. Select 'By Sentence' recording mode under Advanced option.
51. Verify the first sentence of the paragraph is highlighted.
52. Press and Hold the Speak button.
53. Record "One boy is wearing a cap, and another boy is wearing fancy glasses. "
54. Click the Next button.
55. Verify the next sentence of the paragraph is highlighted.
56. Press and Hold the Speak button.
57. Record 'The baby has a sugar candy'
58. Release the Speak button.
59. Click Page 3.
60. Click Page 1.
61. Verify the 1st sentence of the Image Description should be highlighted.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete ‘The Moon and the Cap’  book..
3. Close Bloom application.
