---
id: 475
title: "ePUB Image Description display for front cover broken in Bloom Alpha and Geckofx"
description: "(570) ePUB Image Description display for front cover broken in Bloom Alpha and Geckofx"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-18
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Type 'https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9mtzsjs9jsvw?hl=en-US&gl=US' in a browser search bar.
2. Verify eKitabu e-reader page opens.
3. Click the Download button.
4. Verify eKitabu Installer file is downloaded in the system.
5. Double click on the 'eKitabu e-reader Installer' file.
6. Verify 'eKitabu e-reader..The latest version is installed' dialog box appears.
7. Launch Bloom application
8. Click the Settings button.
9. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
10. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
11. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
12. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
13. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
14. Click the Restart button.
15. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book under Templates in the Collections view.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears on the preview pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
5. Enter 'eBook with ID' on the Front cover title box.
6. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
7. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
8. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
9. Press the Enter key.
10. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
11. Click any of the Car images.
12. Click the OK button.
13. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
14. Click the Credits Page.
15. Verify the Copyright and License dialog opens.
16. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
17. Click the OK button.
18. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
19. Click the Add Page button.
20. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
21. Click the 'Basic Text & Picture' template.
22. Click the Add Page button.
23. Verify the 'Basic Text & Picture' is added.
24. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
25. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
26. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
27. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
28. Press the Enter key.
29. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
30. Click any of the Car images.
31. Click the OK button.
32. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
33. Click on the text pane.
34. Enter ‘This is a Car’ in the text pane.
35. Click the Front Cover page.
36. Verify the Front cover page opens.
37. Click the Hamburger button.
38. Verify the TBT menu opens.
39. Click the More..option under TBT menu.
40. Verify the More...option menu opens.
41. Select Image Description Tool check box.
42. Verify the Image description window appears on the Front cover.
43. Click on the text pane of the ID window.
44. Enter 'This is a Car image' in the text pane.
45. Click the gear icon of the text pane.
46. Verify the Format dialog opens.
47. Click the 'B' button under Emphasis label in the Character tab.
48. Verify the text style changed to 'Bold' style.
49. Click the 'I' button.
50. Verify the text style changed to 'Italic'
51. Click the 'U' button.
52. Verify the Underline style is applied to the entire text.
53. Click outside of the Format dialog box.
54. Verify Format dialog closes.
55. Click Page 1.
56. Verify Image description window appears on Page 1.
57. Click on the text pane of the ID window.
58. Enter 'This is a Car' in the text pane.
59. Click the Publish tab.
60. Click the ePUB button.
61. Verify Publish as ePUB view appears.
62. Click the ePUB mode combo box.
63. Select 'Flowable' mode.
64. Verify 'Include image descriptions on page' feature is enabled.
65. Select 'Include image descriptions on page' feature checkbox.
66. Click the Save button.
67. Verify 'Save As' dialog opens.
68. Click the 'Save' button.
69. Verify the book is saved in the Documents folder.
70. Press Ctrl+E keys.
71. Verify the File Explorer window opens.
72. Click the Documents option from the left pane.
73. Verify the Documents folder opens.
74. Double click on the .ePUB file. (eg., eBook with ID)
75. Verify the book opens on the eKitabu Reader.
76. Verify the Preview shows the Image Description with the formatted text appearing on the Front cover page.
77. Click the Next button.
78. Verify the Image Description with the formatted text appears on Page 1.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Basic  book.
3. Uninstall eKitabu Reader.
4. Close Bloom application.
