---
id: 476
title: "Try with Overlay elements: picture on picture"
description: "(595) Try with Overlay elements: picture on picture"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-18
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book under Templates in the Collections view.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears on the preview pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
5. Click the Add Page button.
6. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
7. Click the 'Basic Text & Picture' template.
8. Click the Add Page button.
9. Verify the 'Basic Text & Picture' is added.
10. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
11. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
12. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
13. Enter 'Flower' in the Search box.
14. Press the Enter key.
15. Verify Flower images appear on the preview pane.
16. Click any of the Flower images.
17. Click the OK button.
18. Verify the Flower image appears on the picture pane.
19. Click on the text pane.
20. Enter ‘This is a Flower’ in the text pane.
21. Click on the Image pane.
22. Click the Hamburger button.
23. Verify the TBT menu opens.
24. Click the More..option.
25. Verify the More..menu opens.
26. Select Overlay check box.
27. Verify Overlay Tool menu opens.
28. Drag Image overlay on the Picture pane.
29. Click the ellipse button of the Image overlay.
30. Verify the Popup menu opens.
31. Click 'Choose image from your computer..' option.
32. Verify the Image Toolbox opens.
33. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
34. Press the Enter key.
35. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
36. Click any of the Car images.
37. Click the OK button.
38. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
39. Click the More..option.
40. Verify the More..menu opens.
41. Select ‘Impairment Visualizer’ checkbox.
42. Verify the Impairment Visualizer menu opens.
43. Select 'Color Blindness' check box.
44. Verify the Car image (image overlay)appeared with red-green color over the picture pane.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Basic  book.
3. Close Bloom application.
