---
id: 477
title: "Test using multiple tools at the same time and be sure they all still function as expected"
description: "(597) Test using multiple tools at the same time and be sure they all still function as expected"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-10-07
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download mp3 music clips from the given link:  https://samplelib.com/sample-mp3.html (eg., sample-3s, sample-6s)to the Downloads folder.
2. Launch Bloom application
3. Click the Settings button.
4. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
5. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
6. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
7. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
8. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
9. Click the Restart button.
10. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Enter 'The Golden Touch' in the Front Cover title box.
6. Click the Add page button.
7. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
8. Select 'Basic Text & Picture' template.
9. Click the Add page button.
10. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
11. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
12. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
13. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
14. Press the Enter key.
15. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
16. Click any of the Car images.
17. Click the OK button.
18. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
19. Enter “This is a car” in the text box.
20. Click the Hamburger button.
21. Verify the TBT menu appears.
22. Click the More..option (at the bottom of the menu)
23. Verify More...menu opens.
24. Select the Motion Tool checkbox.
25. Verify the Motion Tool menu appears.
26. Verify the 2 rectangle boxes appear in the picture.
27. Click the Preview button.
28. Verify the motion works.
29. Click the More...option.
30. Select Music Tool checkbox.
31. Verify the Music Tool menu appears.
32. Click the 'Choose' link button.
33. Verify the 'Open' dialog appears.
34. Click the Downloads option from the left pane.
35. Verify the downloads folder opens.
36. Select the music file. (eg., sample-3s.mp3)
37. Click the OK button.
38. Verify the Start new music radio button selected.
39. Verify the Sample button is enabled.
40. Click the Sample button.
41. Verify the music plays.
42. Click the More...option.
43. Select Overlay Tool checkbox.
44. Verify the Overlay Tool menu appears.
45. Drag the Caption overlay onto the Picture pane.
46. Enter 'Car' in the Caption box.
47. Click outside of the Caption overlay.
48. Click the More...option.
49. Select Image Description Tool checkbox.
50. Verify the Image Description Tool menu appears.
51. Verify the Image description appears on the picture pane.
52. Verify Motion Tool, Music Tool, Overlay Tool and Talking Book Tool options appear at the bottom of the ID Tool menu.
53. Click the More...option.
54. Select Impairment Visualizer Tool checkbox.
55. Verify the Impairment Visualizer Tool menu appears.
56. Select the Cataracts checkbox.
57. Verify the picture box color changes.
58. Verify Image Description Tool option appears at the top of the Impairment Visualizer Tool menu.
59. Verify Motion Tool, Music Tool, Overlay Tool and Talking Book Tool options appear at the bottom of the ID Tool menu.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Basic book.
3. Close Bloom application.
