---
id: 478
title: "Install bloompack, make sure shells can be used to translate"
description: "(601) Install bloompack, make sure shells can be used to translate"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-10-07
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the 'Change' link button under Local Language.
5. Verify the Choose Language dialog opens.
6. Enter 'Tamil' in the Search box.
7. Verify  Tamil language bar appears.
8. Click the Tamil language bar.
9. Verify 'Tamil' Script box appears.
10. Click the Tamil script box.
11. Click the OK button.
12. Verify தமிழ் (ta) appears under the Local Language heading.
13. Verify English (en) language already appears under the National language.
14. Click the 'Set' link button under Regional Language.
15. Verify the Choose Language dialog opens.
16. Enter 'hindi' in the Search box.
17. Verify  Hindi language bar appears.
18. Click the Hindi language bar.
19. Verify 'Devanagari(Nagari)' Script box appears.
20. Click the Devanagari(Nagari) script box.
21. Click the OK button.
22. Verify मानक हिन्दी (hi) appears under the Regional Language heading.
23. Click the Restart button.
24. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
25. Download Dog and Cat Stories.BloomPack from the given link: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/18eik85gFlBUdQ2Ml_FFkCa67h79hWhco (Needs developer's approval)

**Action Steps**

1. Double click on 'Dog and Cat Stories'.Bloom Book Pack
2. Verify Bloom Pack installation dialog opens.
3. Click the OK button.
4. Verify Bloom application opens.
5. Verify 'Dog and Cat Stories' appears in the lower left pane. (eg., it appears under GET MORE SOURCE BOOKS AT BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG link).
6. Click 'Cat and Dog and the Ball' book thumbnail.
7. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button available on the preview pane.
8. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
9. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
10. Click Page 3.
11. Hover the mouse over the page.
12. Verify the tamil text box appears for editing.
13. Click on the Tamil text box.
14. Verify the English translation bubble appears.
15. Paste "இது ஒரு பூனை" in the text box.
16. Verify the tamil text appeared in the text box.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete ‘Dog and Cat Stories’ book.
2. Close Bloom application.
