---
id: 479
title: "Bloom does not offer to make a book from newly downloaded source"
description: "(611) Bloom open at collection tab: offers to create book using template (\"source\") Check if new books appear in library section 2) Bloom open at collection tab: offers to create book using template (\"source\"). Switch collections then try downloading again."
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-19
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Close button.
2. Verify Bloom closes.
3. Open a browser window.
4. Enter ‘https://bloomlibrary.org/language:en/book/b9LEDelBFg?lang=en’ in a Search bar.
5. Press the Enter key.
6. Verify the book (eg., Wild Animals)opens on the page.
7. Click the 'Translate into your language' - Download into Bloom Editor' button.
8. Verify Downloading book progress dialog appears.
9. Verify Download complete dialog appears with OK button.
10. Click the OK button.
11. Verify the 'Wild Animals' book opens in the Bloom application.
12. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button is available for translation.
13. Verify the downloaded book appears under ‘Books from BloomLibrary.org’ section. (which appears in the lower left pane of the Collections view)
14. Click 'GET MORE SOURCE BOOKS AT BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button. (which appears at the bottom left corner of the window).
15. Verify the bloomlibrary.org web page opens.
16. Click the 'English' book container.
17. Verify English books web page opens.
18. Click any one of the book thumbnails. (eg., Mike and Spike)
19. Verify the book (eg., Mike and Spike)opens on a web page.
20. Click the 'Translate into your language' - Download into Bloom Editor' button.
21. Verify Downloading book progress dialog appears.
22. Verify Download complete dialog appears with OK button.
23. Verify 'Your download <book name> is complete. You can see it in the 'Books from Bloomlibrary.org' section of your Collections appears in the Download complete dialog.
24. Click the OK button.
25. Verify the 'Mike and Spike' book opens in the Bloom application.
26. Click any book thumbnail under the Book Collection name.
27. Click the newly downloaded book thumbnail which appears under Books from Bloomlibrary.org section.
28. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button is available for translation.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the downloaded (eg., Wild Animals) book.
2. Close Bloom application.
