---
id: 48
title: "Music Tool"
description: "Test case for Music Tool"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-09
last-modified: 2025-08-15
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download two mp3 music clips from https://samplelib.com/sample-mp3.html (eg., sample-3s, sample-6s)to the Downloads folder.
2. Launch Bloom application.
3. Click the Settings button.
4. Verify Settings dialog opens.
5. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
6. Type 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription Code text box.
7. Click the Restart button.
8. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
9. Create Moderator User account in dev.bloomlibrary.org (Needs Developer's approval)

**Action Steps**

1. Type https://bloomlibrary.org/ in the browser window.
2. Press the Enter key.
3. Verify the dev.bloomlibrary.org opens.
4. Click the Avatar which appears at the top right corner of the bloom library page.
5. Verify 'Sign In / Sign Up' dialog appears.
6. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
7. Verify 'Sign in with email'  dialog appears.
8. Enter a valid user email (eg.xxxx@eth.net) in the email text field.
9. Click the 'Next' button.
10. Enter a valid password (eg.,B1234567@u)in the password field.
11. Click the 'Sign In' button.
12. Verify the Moderator User account opens.
13. Enter https://dev.bloomlibrary.org/book/4Lj6CFwFmf in the browser window.
14. Verify 'Hannah and Asher go to the bookstore' book opens.
15. Click DOWNLOAD INTO BLOOM FOR EDITING.
16. Verify the Bloom BetaInternal 'Downloading book' dialog opens.
17. Verify a single-book collection opens.
18. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
19. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
20. Verify Music tool appears on the rightmost pane.
21. Select 'Start new music..' radio button.
22. Click the 'Choose..' button.
23. Verify the 'Open' dialog opens.
24. Select Sample MP3 clip  audio file. (eg., sample-3s)
25. Click the 'Open' button.
26. Verify the MP3 file is added.
27. Verify volume is pre-set to 50%.
28. Click the Play button.
29. Verify the music plays.
30. Click the Pause button.
31. Verify the music stops.
32. Change volume level to 100%.
33. Click the Play button.
34. Verify the music plays louder.
35. Change volume level to 20%.
36. Click the Play button.
37. Verify the music plays quieter.
38. Click on page 1.
39. Verify Music radio button is set to "Continue music from previous page"
40. Click on page 2.
41. Verify Music radio button is set to "Continue music from previous page"
42. Click on page 4.
43. Click the "No Music" radio button.
44. Click on page 6.
45. Select 'Start new music..' radio button.
46. Click the 'Choose..' button.
47. Verify the 'Open' dialog opens.
48. Select another Sample MP3 clip  audio file. (eg., sample-6s)
49. Click the 'Open' button.
50. Verify the MP3 file is added.
51. Verify: volume is pre-set to 20%
52. Click on page 7.
53. Click the "No Music" radio button.
54. Click the Publish tab.
55. Click the BloomPUB button.
56. Verify 'Publish to BloomPUB' view appears.
57. Click the 'Preview' button.
58. Verify that the book's narration plays and the music clip #1 play simultaneously.
59. Click to page 1
60. Verify the narration plays with blue highlighting while music clip #1 continues to play.
61. Click to page 2
62. Verify the narration plays with blue highlighting while music clip #1 continues to play.
63. Click to page 3
64. Verify the narration plays with blue highlighting while music clip #1 continues to play.
65. Click to page 4
66. Verify the narration plays with blue highlighting but the music stops.
67. Click to page 5
68. Verify the narration plays with blue highlighting and there is no music.
69. Click to page 6
70. Verify the narration plays with blue highlighting and music clip #2 begins to play.
71. Click to page 7
72. Verify the narration plays with blue highlighting but music stops.
73. Click the Collection tab.
74. Click the Edit tab.
75. Click on the front cover page thumbnail.
76. Verify the front cover page appears on the middle pane.
77. Click the "No Music" radio button from the Music Tool menu.
78. Click the Publish tab.
79. Click the BloomPUB button.
80. Click the 'Preview' button.
81. Verify the book's narration plays with no music.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Moderator User account.
3. Delete the 'Hannah and Asher go to the bookstore’ book.
4. Delete the two Sample MP3 Audio files.
5. Close the Bloom application.
