---
id: 480
title: "Nothing should happen if you are in Edit Tab or Publish Tab when the download starts or ends"
description: "(612) Nothing should happen if you are in Edit Tab or Publish Tab when the download starts or ends"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-19
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Open a browser window.
6. Enter ‘bloomlibrary.org’ in the search bar.
7. Press the Enter key.
8. Verify the bloomlibrary web page opens.
9. Click the 'English' book container.
10. Verify English books web page opens.
11. Click any one of the book thumbnails. (eg., Wild Animals)
12. Verify the book (eg., Wild Animals)opens on a web page.
13. Click the 'Translate into your language' - Download into Bloom Editor' button.
14. Verify 'This site is trying to open Bloom' message appears with the Open button.
15. Click the Open button.
16. Verify ‘Here, it comes’ dialog appears.
17. Verify Downloading book progress dialog appears.
18. Verify Download complete dialog appears with OK button.
19. Click the OK button.
20. Verify the Download complete dialog closes.
21. Click the OK button.
22. Verify ‘Here, it comes’ dialog closes.
23. Minimize the browser window.
24. Verify the Edit view still appears in the Bloom application.
25. Click the Collections tab.
26. Verify the new book (eg., Wild Animals)  appears under Books from BloomLibrary.org section.
27. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
28. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
29. Click the Publish tab.
30. Click the BloomPUB button.
31. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
32. Open a browser window.
33. Enter ‘bloomlibrary.org’ in the search bar.
34. Press the Enter key.
35. Verify the bloomlibrary web page opens.
36. Click the 'English' book container.
37. Verify English books web page opens.
38. Click any one of the book thumbnails. (eg.,Mike and Spike)
39. Verify the book (eg., Mike and Spike)opens on a web page.
40. Click the 'Translate into your language' - Download into Bloom Editor' button.
41. Verify 'This site is trying to open Bloom' message appears with the Open button.
42. Click the Open button.
43. Verify ‘Here, it comes’ dialog appears.
44. Verify Downloading book progress dialog appears.
45. Verify Download complete dialog appears with OK button.
46. Click the OK button.
47. Verify the Download complete dialog closes.
48. Click the OK button.
49. Verify ‘Here, it comes’ dialog closes.
50. Minimize the browser window.
51. Verify the Publish tab still appears in the Bloom application.
52. Click the Collections tab.
53. Verify the new book (eg., Mike and Spike)  appears under Books from BloomLibrary.org section.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic book.
2. Close Bloom application.
