---
id: 482
title: "\"Download for Edit\" from 5.5/5.6. You should get a message saying you need a newer version"
description: "(614) \"Download for Edit\" from 5.5/5.6. You should get a message saying you need a newer version"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-19
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Older version of Bloom application. (eg., Bloom 5.5/5.6)

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Click the Close button of the Bloom window.
6. Verify Bloom Closes.
7. Open a browser window.
8. Enter ‘bloomlibrary.org’ in the search bar.
9. Press the Enter key.
10. Verify the bloomlibrary web page opens.
11. Click the 'English' book container.
12. Verify English books web page opens.
13. Click any one of the book thumbnails. (eg., Wild Animals)
14. Verify the book (eg., Wild Animals)opens on a web page.
15. Click the 'Translate into your language' - Download into Bloom Editor' button.
16. Verify 'This site is trying to open Bloom' message appears with the Open button.
17. Click the Open button.
18. Verify ‘Here, it comes’ dialog appears.
19. Verify Downloading book progress dialog appears.
20. Verify Download complete dialog appears with OK button.
21. Click the OK button.
22. Verify the Download complete dialog closes.
23. Click the OK button.
24. Verify Bloom application opens.
25. Verify 'This book needs a new version of Bloom.' message appears on the right pane.
26. Click on 'Upgrade to the latest Bloom (requires Internet connection) hyperlink.
27. Verify Bloom Editor for Window page opens. (eg., https://bloomlibrary.org/page/resources/downloads)

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic book.
2. Close Bloom application.
