---
id: 483
title: "Image descriptions in two languages should be preserved, both text and audio recordings"
description: "(624) Image descriptions in two languages should be preserved, both text and audio recordings"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-18
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
10. Click the Settings button.
11. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
12. Click the 'Change' link button under Language 2.
13. Verify Choose Language dialog opens.
14. Enter 'Malayalam' in the Search box.
15. Verify Malayalam language bar appears.
16. Click the Tamil language bar.
17. Verify Malayalam Script box appears.
18. Select Malayalam Script box.
19. Click the OK button.
20. Verify മലയാളം(ml) appears under Language 2 .
21. Click the Restart button.
22. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
23. Download ‘My Beach’ book from https://bloomlibrary.org/chetana/book/IwqAGQAkVI bloomlibrary.

**Action Steps**

1. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
2. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
3. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
4. Click the Language Selector (Malayalam) from the Bloom toolbar.
5. Verify the Language list opens.
6. Select the Second language. (eg.,'Malayalam' )
7. Verify the Image description window appears on the page.
8. Verify both the languages English and Tamil appears on the ID window.
9. Click the Collections tab.
10. Right click on the Book Thumbnail (eg., My Beach)
11. Verify a popup menu opens.
12. Click the More option.
13. Verify the Submenu opens.
14. Click the 'Export to Spreadsheet..' option.
15. Verify the Export to Spreadsheet..dialog opens.
16. Click the Export button.
17. Verify a spreadsheet appears.
18. Verify the content in both the languages (English and Malayalam) should be displayed.
19. Verify the audio of the two languages should be displayed.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the ‘My Beach’  book.
3. Close Bloom application.
