---
id: 484
title: "When loading into the blank book, images should be brought in"
description: "(625)When loading into the blank book, images should be brought in"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-18
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
10. Click the Settings button.
11. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
12. Click the 'Change' link button under Language 2.
13. Verify Choose Language dialog opens.
14. Enter 'Malayalam' in the Search box.
15. Verify Malayalam language bar appears.
16. Click the Tamil language bar.
17. Verify Malayalam Script box appears.
18. Select Malayalam Script box.
19. Click the OK button.
20. Verify മലയാളം(ml) appears under Language 2 .
21. Click the Restart button.
22. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
23. Download ‘My Beach’ book from https://bloomlibrary.org/chetana/book/IwqAGQAkVI bloomlibrary.

**Action Steps**

1. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
2. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
3. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
4. Click the Language Selector (Malayalam) from the Bloom toolbar.
5. Verify the Language list opens.
6. Select the Second language. (eg.,'Malayalam' )
7. Verify the Image description window appears on the page.
8. Verify both the languages English and Tamil appear on the ID window.
9. Click the Collections tab.
10. Right click on the Book Thumbnail (eg., My Beach)
11. Verify a popup menu opens.
12. Click the More option.
13. Verify the Submenu opens.
14. Click the 'Export to Spreadsheet..' option.
15. Verify the Export to Spreadsheet..dialog opens.
16. Click the Export button.
17. Verify a spreadsheet appears.
18. Verify the content in both the languages (English and Malayalam) should be displayed.
19. Verify the audio of the two languages should be displayed.
20. Click a Basic book.
21. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
22. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
23. Enter ‘Basic Book’ in the Front cover title box.
24. Click the Collections tab.
25. Right click on the ‘Basic Book’ thumbnail.
26. Verify a popup menu opens.
27. Click the More option.
28. Verify the Submenu opens.
29. Click the 'Import content from Spreadsheet..' option.
30. Verify the Open dialog appears.
31. Double click on “എൻ്റെ കടപ്പുറം “ malayalam folder.
32. Verify the folder opens.
33. Select the Spreadsheet.
34. Click the Open button.
35. Verify Importing Spreadsheet dialog appears.
36. Click the Close button.
37. Verify that all the content should be imported into the new basic book.
38. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
39. Verify all the images should be brought into the new blank (basic) book.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the ‘My Beach’  book.
3. Close Bloom application.
