---
id: 486
title: "Something to test \"Page Type\""
description: "(633) Something to test \"Page Type\""
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-05
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click 'The Moon and the Cap' shell book under Sample Shells
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears on the preview pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
5. Click the Collections tab.
6. Verify the 'The Moon and the Cap' book appears under the Book Collection.
7. Click the triangle button of the book thumbnail.
8. Verify a popup menu opens.
9. Click the More..option.
10. Verify the Submenu appears.
11. Click the EXPORT TO SPREADSHEET option.
12. Verify 'Export to Spreadsheet..'dialog opens.
13. Click the EXPORT button.
14. Verify the book opens in the Spreadsheet. (eg., The Moon and the Cap.xlsx)
15. Click on the Page type column.
16. Click on the 5th (or 6th) row.
17. Verify the Page type shows "Basic Text & Picture"
18. Click on the 16th row.
19. Verify the page type shows "Quiz Page"
20. Click the Close button.
21. Verify the Spreadsheet closes.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Moon and the Cap book.
3. Close the Bloom application.
