---
id: 487
title: "Something for XMatter"
description: "(634) Something for XMatter"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-10-07
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Settings button.
2. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
3. Click the Book Making tab.
4. Select the "Paper Saver" option from the Front/Back Matter Pack.
5. Click the Restart button.
6. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
7. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
8. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
9. Verify this puts the credits on the inside of the front cover.
10. Click a Basic book.
11. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
12. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
13. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
14. Enter 'XMatter Book' in the Front Cover title box.
15. Click the Credits Page thumbnail.
16. Verify the Credits page opens.
17. Click the 'Needs Copyright' button.
18. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
19. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
20. Click the OK button.
21. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
22. Click the Add page button.
23. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
24. Select 'Basic Text & Picture' template.
25. Click the Add page button.
26. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
27. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
28. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
29. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
30. Press the Enter key.
31. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
32. Click any of the Car images.
33. Click the OK button.
34. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
35. Enter ‘This is a car’ in the text box.
36. Click the Collections tab.
37. Verify the Collections view appears.
38. Right click on "XMatter Book" Thumbnail.
39. Verify a context menu opens.
40. Click the 'More' option.
41. Verify a submenu opens.
42. Click "Export to Spreadsheet...' option.
43. Verify "Export to Spreadsheet...' dialog opens.
44. Click the Export button.
45. Verify the book contents (are saved) opens in the Spreadsheet.
46. Click the Settings button.
47. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
48. Click the Book Making tab.
49. Select the "Traditional" option from the Front/Back Matter Pack.
50. Click the Restart button.
51. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
52. Click a Basic book.
53. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
54. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
55. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
56. Click the Collections tab.
57. Verify the Collections view appears.
58. Right click on "Title Missing" Thumbnail.
59. Verify a context menu opens.
60. Click the 'More' option.
61. Verify a submenu opens.
62. Click "Import Content from Spreadsheet...' option.
63. Verify "Import Content from Spreadsheet...' dialog opens.
64. Verify Importing Spreadsheet dialog appears.
65. Click the Close button.
66. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
67. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
68. Verify the credits appear on the back of the title page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete XMatter Book.
3. Close Bloom application.
