---
id: 488
title: "Ensure that Bloom silently converts to JPG"
description: "(267) Ensure that Bloom silently converts to JPG"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-23
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Make sure you downloaded a PNG or TIF file before proceeding.

**Action Steps**

1. Right-click on the Standard toolbar.
2. Verify a popup menu opens.
3. Click 'Show Performance page' from the popup menu.
4. Verify the 'Bloom Performance Measurement' Page opens in a browser.
5. Switch to the Bloom application.
6. Click Basic Book under Sources for New Books in the left pane.
7. Verify that the MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears in the right pane.
8. Click the MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
9. Verify that the Basic Book opens in Edit Mode.
10. Click the Front Cover page from the left pane.
11. Verify that the Front Cover page layout is displayed in the right pane.
12. Click the Title Box on the Front Cover page.
13. Type the title as Test.
14. Click the Add Page + button.
15. Verify that the Add Page… dialog appears.
16. Select the Just a Picture template from Basic Pages.
17. Click ADD PAGE.
18. Verify that Page 1 is added in the left pane.
19. Click Page 1.
20. Verify that the Page 1 layout is displayed in the right pane.
21. Verify that an Image Box is present on Page 1.
22. Verify that the Change Image button appears on Page 1.
23. Click the Change Image button in the picture pane.
24. Verify the Image toolbox opens.
25. Click the File icon.
26. Verify the Choose Picture file dialog appears.
27. Select the PNG image file "Hebrew".
28. Click the Open button.
29. Verify the Choose Picture file dialog closes.
30. Verify the selected "Hebrew" image displays on the Image toolbox.
31. Click the OK button.
32. Verify the Image toolbox closes.
33. Verify the "Hebrew" image displayed on Page 1.
34. Click the Collections tab.
35. Verify the Test book thumbnail icon appears.
36. Click the upside-down triangle button on the Test book thumbnail icon.
37. Verify menu options appear.
38. Click the 'Show in File Explorer' option.
39. Verify that it opens the correct books folder, such as .....\Bloom\English Books.
40. Verify the folder "Test" appears.
41. Double click the "Test" folder.
42. Verify the Test Folder opens.
43. Verify that the 'Hebrew' image is displayed in JPG format.
44. Close the Test Folder.
45. Switch to the 'Bloom Performance Measurement' browser Page.
46. Verify the Performance page displays the info about the Processing image time.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the "Test" book.
2. Close Bloom application
