---
id: 489
title: "Character changes made to L1 change the \"normal\" style, which then affects L2 & L3"
description: "(360 ) Character changes made to L1 change the \"normal\" style, which then affects L2 & L3"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-10-07
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the 'Change' link button under Local Language.
5. Verify the Choose Language dialog opens.
6. Enter 'Tamil' in the Search box.
7. Verify  Tamil language bar appears.
8. Click the Tamil language bar.
9. Verify 'Tamil' Script box appears.
10. Click the Tamil script box.
11. Click the OK button.
12. Verify தமிழ் (ta) appears under the Local Language heading.
13. Verify English (en) language already appears under the National language.
14. Click the 'Set' link button under Regional Language.
15. Verify the Choose Language dialog opens.
16. Enter 'hindi' in the Search box.
17. Verify  Hindi language bar appears.
18. Click the Hindi language bar.
19. Verify 'Devanagari(Nagari)' Script box appears.
20. Click the Devanagari(Nagari) script box.
21. Click the OK button.
22. Verify मानक हिन्दी (hi) appears under the Regional Language heading.
23. Click the Restart button.
24. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Enter 'The Golden Touch' in the Front Cover title box.
6. Click the Add page button.
7. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
8. Select 'Just Text' template.
9. Click the Add page button.
10. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
11. Verify the one language is selected in the bloom toolbar.
12. Paste "மரியாதை ராமன் கதைகள்" text in the text box.
13. Click the gear icon which appears at the bottom left corner of the text box.
14. Verify the Format dialog opens.
15. Click the Characters tab.
16. Select "Noto Sans Tamil ExtraBold"  font style.
17. Verify the text appears in the text box changed to that style.
18. Click the Language selector appears in the toolbar.
19. Verify the language list opens.
20. Select the Second language "English".
21. Verify the 'English' text box appears on the page.
22. Enter 'This is for testing purpose' in the text box.
23. Click the gear icon which appears at the bottom left corner of the text box.
24. Verify the Format dialog opens.
25. Click the Characters tab.
26. Verify "Noto Sans Tamil ExtraBold" style should be selected as the font style.
27. Verify "This formatting is for all "LANGUAGE" text boxes with 'normal' style" message appears at the bottom of the Characters tab.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Basic book.
3. Close Bloom application.
