---
id: 49
title: "Impairment Visualizer"
description: "Test case for Impairment Visualizer"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-09
last-modified: 2025-09-05
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click The "Moon and the Cap" book from the "Sample Shells" pane.
2. Verify that the preview of "Moon and the Cap" book is displayed in the "Right pane".
3. Click the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify it opens in the "Edit" mode.
5. Select page 1 in the “Pages” pane.
6. Verify that the page 1 preview is displayed in the right pane.
7. Click the displayed picture on page 1.
8. Click the hamburger menu in the top right corner.
9. Verify that the “Talking Book Tool” menu is displayed.
10. Click the “More..” button under the “Talking Book Tool” menu.
11. Verify that more options were displayed.
12. Check the checkbox near the “Impairment Visualizer” option.
13. Verify that the “Impairment Visualizer” submenus are displayed.
14. Check the checkbox near the “Cataracts” option.
15. Verify that the picture on page 1 is updated to reflect the “Cataracts” impairment effect.
16. Uncheck the checkbox near the “Cataracts” option.
17. Check the checkbox near the “Color Blindness” option.
18. Click the “Red-Green” radio button under the “Color Blindness” option.
19. Verify that the picture on page 1 is updated to reflect the “Red-Green” color blindness impairment effect.
20. Click the “Blue-Yellow” radio button under the “Color Blindness” option.
21. Verify that the picture on page 1 is updated to reflect the “Blue-Yellow” color blindness impairment effect.
22. Click the “Complete” radio button under the “Color Blindness” option.
23. Verify that the picture on page 1 is updated to reflect the “Complete” color blindness impairment effect.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the “Moon and the Cap” book.
2. Delete the “Bloom Subscription code”.
3. Close the Bloom application.
