---
id: 490
title: "Use Paragraph Spacing on several Styles"
description: "(372) Use Paragraph Spacing on several Styles"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-02
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Verify that the ‘Sources for New Books’ section appeared on the left pane
2. Click on the ‘Basic Book’ from the Templates
3. Verify that the ‘Basic Book’ preview is opened
4. Click on the ‘MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE’ button
5. Verify that the template is opened in the edit mode.
6. Click on the ‘Add a page’ button on the ‘Pages’ pane.
7. Verify that the ‘Add Page…’ dialog opened
8. Click on the 'Just a text' template in the ‘Basic Pages’ section.
9. Click on the ‘Add Page’ button.
10. Verify the page is created in the ‘Just a text’ template.
11. Click on the text box.
12. Enter the text content “The Greek king Midas did a good deed for a Satyr. This prompted Dionysus, the god of wine, to grant him a wish. Midas asked for everything he touched to turn to gold. Dionysus’ warned him not to do so, but Midas could not be swayed.” as first paragraph
13. Enter the text content as second paragraph “Midas excitedly started touching everything and turning them into gold. Soon, he became hungry. But he couldn’t eat anything because even his food turned to gold. His beloved daughter saw him in distress and ran to hug him. However, she, too, turned to gold. He realised then that the golden touch was not a blessing.”
14. Verify that the gear icon appeared on the bottom left corner of the text box
15. Click on the gear icon
16. Verify that the format dialog opened
17. Click on the ‘Paragraph’ tab in the format dialog
18. Click on the ‘Space between Paragraphs’ dropdown
19. Click on the ‘0.5’ spacing value
20. Verify that the spacing between the paragraphs is set to 0.5 spacing value
21. Click on the ‘Space between Paragraphs’ dropdown
22. Click on the ‘0.75’ spacing value
23. Verify that the spacing between the paragraphs is set to 0.75 spacing value
24. Click on the ‘Space between Paragraphs’ dropdown
25. Click on the ‘1’ spacing value
26. Verify that the spacing between the paragraphs is set to ‘1’ spacing value
27. Click on the ‘Space between Paragraphs’ dropdown
28. Click on the ‘1.25’ spacing value
29. Verify that the spacing between the paragraphs is set to 1.25 spacing value
30. Click on the ‘Space between Paragraphs’ dropdown
31. Click on the ‘0.5’ spacing value
32. Verify that the spacing between the paragraphs is set to 0.5

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic book.
2. Close Bloom application.
