---
id: 491
title: "Use Paragraph Indent on several Styles"
description: "(373) Use Paragraph Indent on several Styles"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-02
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Verify that the ‘Sources for New Books’ section appeared on the left pane
2. Click on the ‘Basic Book’ from the Templates
3. Verify that the ‘Basic Book’ preview is opened
4. Click on the ‘MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE’ button
5. Verify that the template is opened in the edit mode.
6. Click on the ‘Add a page’ button on the ‘Pages’ pane.
7. Verify that the ‘Add Page…’ dialog opened
8. Click on the 'Just a text' template in the ‘Basic Pages’ section.
9. Click on the ‘Add Page’ button.
10. Verify the page is created in the ‘Just a text’ template.
11. Click on the text box.
12. Enter the text content “The Greek king Midas did a good deed for a Satyr. This prompted Dionysus, the god of wine, to grant him a wish. Midas asked for everything he touched to turn to gold. Dionysus’ warned him not to do so, but Midas could not be swayed.” as first paragraph
13. Enter the text content as second paragraph “Midas excitedly started touching everything and turning them into gold. Soon, he became hungry. But he couldn’t eat anything because even his food turned to gold. His beloved daughter saw him in distress and ran to hug him. However, she, too, turned to gold. He realised then that the golden touch was not a blessing.”
14. Verify that the gear icon appeared on the bottom left corner of the text box
15. Click on the gear icon
16. Verify that the format dialog opened
17. Click on the ‘Paragraph’ tab in the format dialog
18. Click on the “Central Alignment” button
19. Verify that the text content is aligned to the center
20. Click on the “Right Alignment” button
21. Verify that the text content is aligned to the right
22. Click on the “Justify Alignment” button.
23. Verify that the text is evenly aligned on both sides.
24. Verify the Paragraph indent appears default by left indent.
25. Click the Right Paragraph indent.
26. Verify the Paragraph indent is changed to right indent in the text box.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic book.
2. Close Bloom application.
