---
id: 492
title: "Make sure text-overflow is reported for all types of paragraph alignment, and all types of Vertical Page alignment"
description: "(374) Make sure text-overflow is reported for all types of paragraph alignment, and all types of Vertical Page alignment"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-02
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Verify that the ‘Sources for New Books’ section appeared on the left pane
2. Click on ‘A Family Learns about Immunisations’ book from the ‘Sample Shells’ section
3. Verify that the ‘A Family Learns about Immunisations’ book preview is opened
4. Click on the ‘MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE’ button
5. Verify that the book is opened in the edit mode.
6. Click on the page ‘2’ thumbnail on the ‘Pages’ pane.
7. Verify some text content appears on the text pane.
8. Enter New line and Type 'This is alignment verification' in the text box.
9. Enter New line and Type 'This is to verify text fit capacity' in the text box.
10. Verify that all the text content changed to red color.
11. Hover over the text box
12. Verify that a warning appeared with the  message 'This box has more text than will fit'.
13. Click on the text box
14. Verify that the gear icon appeared on the bottom left of the text box
15. Click on the gear icon
16. Verify that the ‘Format’ dialog appeared
17. Click on the ‘Paragraph’ tab in the dialog box
18. Click the Center alignment.
19. Verify the paragraph appears in center alignment.
20. Click the right alignment.
21. Verify the paragraph appears in the right alignment.
22. Click Justify alignment.
18. Verify the paragraph appears in Justify alignment.
19. Click on the ‘Right indent’ icon
20. Verify that the text box content appeared in the Right indentation format
21. Verify that all the text content appeared in red color.
22. Click on the text box .
23. Remove the text “This is to verify text fit capacity”
24. Remove the text  “This is alignment verification”
25. Verify that the text content changed to black color and warning does not appear

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete ‘A Family Learns about Immunisations’ book.
2. Close the Bloom application.
