---
id: 495
title: "Open the \"Generate a letter and word list report\" and copy a word from stage 1"
description: "(420) Open the \"Generate a letter and word list report\" and copy a word from stage 1"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-08-29
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Clear out C:\Users\USERS\AppData\Local\BloomBetaInternal
2. Clear out C:\Users\USERS\AppData\Local\SIL\BetaInternalxxx)
3. Download the three books Turka Decodable.BloomPack, French Decodable Leveled.BloomPack, English Decodable.BloomPack from the given linke https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1WWDT2Iz7Q6Mh0Q_96Jiy1Y-RM-NG7UoS (Needs Devloper's approval)
4. Launch Bloom application
5. Click the Settings button.
6. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
7. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
8. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
9. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
10. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
11. Click the Restart button.
12. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Settings button.
2. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
3. Click the Change link under the Local Language field.
4. Verify the Choose Language dialog opens.
5. Enter 'French' in the Search box.
6. Verify the francais language bar appears.
7. Click the francais language bar.
8. Verify the OK button is enabled.
9. Click the OK button.
10. Verify the Local language is changed to 'French'
11. Click the Restart button.
12. Verify bloom gets restarted.
13. Click 'Stacked Diacritics and Vowel Length' book under Turka Decodable heading (which appears in the lower left pane of Collections view)
14. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
15. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
16. Click the Add Page button.
17. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
18. Click the 'Just text' template under Basic pages.
19. Click the Add Page button.
20. Verify the Just text page is added.
21. Click the 'Generate a letter and word list report' link button which appears at the bottom right corner of the Decodable Reader menu.
22. Verify the report opens on the Notepad.
23. Copy a new decodable word 'ah' under Stage 1.
24. Click on the Page in the Bloom application.
25. Press Ctrl+V keys.
26. Verify there is no highlighting.
27. Click the report from the Notepad.
28. Copy a new decodable word 'aima' under Stage 2.
29. Click on the Page in the Bloom application.
30. Press Ctrl+V keys.
31. Verify the word 'aima' gets highlighted.
32. Click the report from the Notepad.
33. Copy a new decodable word 'brindilles' under Stage 3.
34. Click on the Page in the Bloom application.
35. Press Ctrl+V keys.
36. Verify the word 'brindilles' gets highlighted.
37. Click the report from the Notepad.
38. Copy a new decodable word 'absolument' under Stage 4.
39. Click on the Page in the Bloom application.
40. Press Ctrl+V keys.
41. Verify the word 'absolument' gets highlighted.
42. Click the report from the Notepad.
43. Copy a new decodable word 'autrui' under Stage 5.
44. Click on the Page in the Bloom application.
45. Press Ctrl+V keys.
46. Verify the word 'autrui' gets highlighted.
47. Click the report from the Notepad.
48. Copy a new decodable word 'bouteilles' under Stage 6.
49. Click on the Page in the Bloom application.
50. Press Ctrl+V keys.
51. Verify the word 'bouteilles' gets highlighted.
52. Click the report from the Notepad.
53. Copy a new decodable word 'fatigua' under Stage 7.
54. Click on the Page in the Bloom application.
55. Press Ctrl+V keys.
56. Verify the word 'fatigua' gets highlighted.
57. Click the report from the Notepad.
58. Copy a new decodable word 'ensoleillée' under Stage 8.
59. Click on the Page in the Bloom application.
60. Press Ctrl+V keys.
61. Verify the word 'ensoleillée' gets highlighted.
62. Click the report from the Notepad.
63. Copy a new decodable word 'commencer' under Stage 9.
64. Click on the Page in the Bloom application.
65. Press Ctrl+V keys.
66. Verify the word 'commencer' gets highlighted.
67. Click the report from the Notepad.
68. Copy a new decodable word 'vieillir' under Stage 10.
69. Click on the Page in the Bloom application.
70. Press Ctrl+V keys.
71. Verify the word 'vieillir' gets highlighted.
72. Click the report from the Notepad.
73. Copy a new decodable word 'grammaire' under Stage 11.
74. Click on the Page in the Bloom application.
75. Press Ctrl+V keys.
76. Verify the word 'grammaire' gets highlighted.
77. Click the report from the Notepad.
78. Copy a new decodable word 'donnent' under Stage 12.
79. Click on the Page in the Bloom application.
80. Press Ctrl+V keys.
81. Verify the word 'donnent' gets highlighted.
82. Click the report from the Notepad.
83. Copy a new decodable word 'hausseront' under Stage 13.
84. Click on the Page in the Bloom application.
85. Press Ctrl+V keys.
86. Verify the word 'hausseront' gets highlighted.
87. Set the Level to 'Level 2 of 13' under the Decodable Reader Tool menu.
88. Verify 2 or 3 words are not highlighted.
89. Set the Level to 'Level 3 of 13' under the Decodable Reader Tool menu.
90. Verify a few more words are not highlighted.
91. Set the Level to 'Level 4 of 13' under the Decodable Reader Tool menu.
92. Verify most of the words are not highlighted.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete 'Stacked Diacritics and Vowel Length’ book.
3. Close Bloom application.
