---
id: 496
title: "Turn on/off Decodable Reader switch (BL-12594)"
description: "(424) Turn on/off Decodable Reader switch"
issues:
  - [BL-12594](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-12594)
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-23
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Download the book (The Easter Story )  from the given link (https://bloomlibrary.org/EFL-education-for-life-org/EFL-BibleStories-Main/book/dtGso5ugFs)
2. Verify the book opens in the Bloom application.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the Book opens in the Edit mode.
5. Click Page 1.
6. Verify Page 1 opens in the Edit view.
7. Click the More...option under TBT tool menu (which appears at the bottom right corner of the page)
8. Verify the More...option menu opens.
9. Select the Decodable Reader Tool option.
10. Verify the Decodable Reader menu opens.
11. Turn on 'Decodable Reader' Switch. (ie., Turn on Book is not Decodable toggle switch)
12. Verify the highlighted words (Markups) are appearing on the text pane.
13. Click the Close button of the Bloom Window.
14. Verify Bloom closes.
15. Relaunch Bloom application.
16. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
17. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
18. Verify the highlighted texts are still appearing in the text pane.
19. Turn off the 'Decodable Reader' Switch. (ie., Turn off Book is Decodable toggle switch).
20. Verify the highlighted words (Markups) are disappearing on the text pane.
21. Click the Close button of the Bloom Window.
22. Verify Bloom closes.
23. Relaunch Bloom application.
24. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
25. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
26. Verify no words are highlighted in the text pane.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Easter Story book.
3. Close the Bloom application.
