---
id: 497
title: "Format text -- bold, italic, underline -- and ensure formatting does not affect statistics"
description: "(450) Format text -- bold, italic, underline -- and ensure formatting does not affect statistics"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-23
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download the book (Marta Matinabang)  from the given link https://s3.amazonaws.com/bloom-problem-books/BL-9913.zip
2. Extract the zip file in a New folder.
3. Double click on ‘RIN Wenñiam Fulgueras’ Bloom Book Collection.
4. Verify the Book opens in the Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click 'Marta Matinabang' book thumbnail.
2. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
3. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
4. Click the Front Cover page.
5. Double click on RIN Wenñiam Fulgueras Bloom Book Collection.
6. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
7. Click 'Marta Matinabang' book thumbnail.
8. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
9. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
10. Click the Front Cover page.
11. Verify the counts for the actual total words in a book is 748.
12. Verify actual unique words in the book is 277.
13. Verify the actual average words per page in book is 53.4
14. Verify the actual average word length in book is 4.6
15. Verify the actual sentence in a book is 0
16. Verify the actual average sentences per page in this book is 4.9
17. Verify Avg. words/page this book (pages with text) is 53.4
18. Verify Avg. sentences/page this book (pages with text) is 4.9
19. Click on Page 1 thumbnail.
20. Verify Page 1 opens in the Edit view.
21. Double click on the  word ‘Agko’
22. Verify a Format toolbar appears.
23. Click the ‘B’ button.
24. Verify the word appears in ‘Bold’ style.
25. Click the ‘I’ button from the Format tool bar.
26. Verify the word appears with ‘Italic’ style.
27. Click the ‘U’ button from the Format tool bar.
28. Verify the word appears with ‘Bold, Italic and Underline’ styles.
29. Verify the counts for the actual total words in a book is 748.
30. Verify actual unique words in the book is 277.
31. Verify the actual average words per page in the book is 51.
32. Verify the actual average word length in book is 4.6
33. Verify the actual sentence in a book is 5
34. Verify the actual average sentences per page in this book is 5
35. Verify Avg. words/page this book (pages with text) is 53.4
36. Verify Avg. sentences/page this book (pages with text) is 4.9
37. Click on Page 3 thumbnail.
38. Verify Page 3 opens in the Edit view.
39. Verify the counts for the actual total words in a book is 748.
40. Verify actual unique words in the book is 277.
41. Verify the actual average words per page in book is 53
42. Verify the actual average word length in book is 4.6
43. Verify the actual sentence in a book is 5
44. Verify the actual average sentences per page in this book is 4.9
45. Verify Avg. words/page this book (pages with text) is 53.4
46. Verify Avg. sentences/page this book (pages with text) is 4.9

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the ‘Marta Matinabang' book
2. Close Bloom application
