---
id: 498
title: "Test case for  Non-Roman text in Leveled Reader"
description: "(473) Test case for Non-Roman text in Leveled Reader"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-09-23
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Change link button under the Local Language field.
5. Verify Choose Language dialog opens.
6. Enter 'Arabic' in the Search box.
7. Verify the Arabic language bar appears.
8. Click the Arabic language bar.
9. Verify the Arabic script box appears.
10. Click  the Arabic script box.
11. Click the OK button.
12. Verify the Local Language is changed to العربية(ar-SA) Arabic.
13. Click the Restart button.
14. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
15. Click the Settings button.
16. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
17. Click the Book Making tab.
18. Click the 'Special Script Settings' link button under the first combo box. (ie., Default font for Arabic)
19. Verify Special Script Settings..dialog opens.
20. Select the first check box. (ie.,This script is written right to left like Arabic...)
21. Click the OK button.
22. Click the Restart button.
23. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Leveled Reader book under Specialized Templates
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
4. Click the Add Page button.
5. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
6. Select 'Just Text' template.
7. Click the Add Page button.
8. Verify the page is added.
9. Paste 'أنا بخير، شكراً' in the text pane.
10. Verify the entire text is highlighted in an orange background.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Leveled Reader book.
2. Close Bloom application.
