---
id: 499
title: "Anything else you can think of to vary in relation to types of books"
description: "(65) Anything else you can think of to vary in relation to types of books"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-10-24
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Enter 'The Golden Touch' in the Front Cover title box.
6. Click the Credits Page thumbnail.
7. Verify the Credits page opens.
8. Click the 'Needs Copyright' button.
9. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
10. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
11. Click the OK button.
12. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
13. Click the Add page button.
14. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
15. Select 'Basic Text & Picture' template.
16. Click the Add page button.
17. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
18. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
19. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
20. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
21. Press the Enter key.
22. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
23. Click any of the Car images.
24. Click the OK button.
25. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
26. Enter 'This is a car' in the text pane.
27. Click the Hamburger button.
28. Verify the TBT menu opens.
29. Verify the text is highlighted.
30. Press and Hold the 3)Speak button.
31. Record 'This is a car'.
32. Verify the 4)Check button is enabled.
33. Click the 4)Check button
34. Verify the audio plays.
35. Click on the Car image.
36. Click the More..option under TBT menu.
37. Verify the More..menu opens.
38. Select 'Image Description Tool' checkbox.
39. Verify the ID box appears over the Image pane.
40. Click on the ID text box.
41. Enter 'It's a car image'
42. Click the TBT option.
43. Click on the ID text box.
44. Verify the text is highlighted.
45. Press and Hold the 3)Speak button.
46. Record 'It's a car image'.
47. Verify the 4)Check button is enabled.
48. Click the 4)Check button
49. Verify the audio plays.
50. Click the Add Page button.
51. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
52. Select 'Comic' page under Digital Comic Book Pages.
53. Click the Add Page button.
54. Verify the Comic page is added.
55. Click the 'Change Image' button on the comic page.
56. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
57. Enter 'flower' in the Search box.
58. Press the Enter key.
59. Verify flower images appear on the comic page.
60. Click any of the flower images.
61. Click the OK button.
62. Verify the flower image appears on the comic page.
63. Verify the Overlay Tool appears on the right most pane.
64. Drag 'Caption' overlay to the comic page.
65. Enter 'Flower' in the Caption box.
66. Click the Add Page button.
67. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
68. Select 'Comic Full Page' under Paper Comic Book Pages.
69. Click the Add Page button.
70. Verify the Comic Full page is added.
71. Click the 'Change Image' button on the comic page.
72. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
73. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
74. Press the Enter key.
75. Verify car images appear on the comic page.
76. Click any of the car images.
77. Click the OK button.
78. Verify the car image fills the background page (of the comic page.)
79. Click the Publish tab.
80. Click the PDF & Print button.
81. Verify Publish to PDF&Print view opens.
82. Click the Simple Booklet Mode option.
83. Navigate to all the pages.
84. Verify all the pages appear correctly.
85. Click the Publish tab.
86. Click the Web button.
87. Verify Publish to Web page opens.
88. Check all the three checkboxes under Agreements.
89. Select the Visibility (Draft) Check box.
90. Click 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
91. Verify it opens the Sign In / Sign Up dialog.
92. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
93. Enter the registered email (with bloom) in the Email text box. (eg., shawn@eth.net)
94. Click the Next button.
95. Enter valid password in the password text box.
96. Click the Sign In button.
97. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button appears on the Publish to Web view.
98. Click the 'UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button.
99. Wait for a few seconds.
100. Click the 'VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY' button.
101. Verify the book opens in the bloomlibrary.org.
102. Click the READ BUTTON.
103. Verify the book opens in the Bloom Player.
104. Navigate to all the pages.
105. Verify all the pages appear correctly.
106. Close the Blorg site.
107. Click the BloomPUB button. (in Bloom)
108. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
109. Click the Preview button.
110. Verify the book opens in the preview pane.
111. Click the Next button.
112. Verify Page 1 appears.
113. Verify the Image Description audio plays.
114. Verify the text box audio plays.
115. Click the Next button.
116. Verify the comic page appears with the Caption box.
117. Click the Next button.
118. Verify the full comic page appears with the car image.
119. Click the ePUB button.
120. Verify Publish as ePUB view opens.
121. Click the Preview button.
122. Verify the book opens in the ePUB preview pane.
123. Click the Next button.
124. Verify Page 1 appears.
125. Click the Play button which appears at the top left corner of the pane.
126. Verify the ID audio and text box audio plays.
127. Click the Audio or Video button.
128. Verify Publish as Audio or Video view opens.
129. Select Mp3 Audio format under Options.
130. Click the Preview button.
131. Verify the book opens in the preview pane.
132. Click the RECORD button.
133. Verify the Processing Video dialog opens.
134. Click the Close button.
135. Click the PLAY RECORDING button.
136. Verify the book opens in the Media player.
137. Click the SAVE button.
138. Verify the Save As dialog opens.
139. Click the Save button.
140. Verify the book is saved as a .mp3 file. (eg., The Golden Touch.mp3)

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Basic book.
3. Close Bloom application.
