---
id: 50
title: "Bloompacks"
description: "Test case for Bloompacks"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-09
last-modified: 2025-08-04
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Enter 'https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/18eik85gFlBUdQ2Ml_FFkCa67h79hWhco' in the browser window. (Needs Developer’s approval)
2. Verify Testing / BloomPacks page opens.
3. Click the download button near 'Dog and Cat Stories.BloomPack'.
4. Verify Can't scan file for viruses dialog opens.
5. Click the 'Download anyway' button.
6. Verify the Dog and Cat Stories.BloomPack file is downloaded.
7. Double Click the Dog and Cat Stories.BloomPack file.
8. Verify Bloom Pack Installation dialog opens.
9. Click the OK button.
10. Verify the Dog and Cat Stories books appear in the lower left pane of the Bloom application.
11. Open C:\Users\Bharani\AppData\Local\SIL\Bloom\Collections
12. Verify the Dog and Cat Stories book collection should be located in the Collections folder.
13. Relaunch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Collections tab.
2. Verify the Dog and Cat Stories books appear under GET MORE SOURCE BOOKS AT BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG link button.
3. Click 'Cat and Dog: Alphabet' book.
4. Verify 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button is available on the right pane.
5. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button.
6. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
7. Click the Page 4 thumbnail. (or any page)
8. Verify Page 4 opens in the Edit mode.
9. Click the Publish tab.
10. Verify Publish as BloomPUB page opens.
11. Click the PREVIEW button.
12. Verify the book opens in the BloomPUB viewer.
13. Click the Collections tab.
14. Verify the Dog and Cat Stories books appear under GET MORE SOURCE BOOKS AT BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG link button.
15. Click 'Cat and Dog and the Ball' book.
16. Verify 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button is available on the right pane.
17. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button.
18. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
19. Click Page 7 thumbnail (or any page)
20. Verify Page 7 opens in the Edit mode.
21. Click the Publish tab.
22. Verify Publish as BloomPUB page opens.
23. Click the PREVIEW button.
24. Verify the book opens in the BloomPUB viewer.
25. Click the Collections tab.
26. Click the down arrow next to the Book collection name.
27. Verify a popup menu appears.
28. Click the "Make Reader Template Bloom Pack" option.
29. Verify Make Reader Template Bloom Pack dialog opens.
30. Click 'Cat and Dog: Alphabet' template.
31. Click "I understand what a template is and this is really what I want to do." check box to enable.
32. Click the "Save Bloom Pack" button.
33. Verify 'Save as' dialog opens.
34. Click the Save button.
35. Verify "Creating Bloom Pack" progress bar appears.
36. Verify a New Book.Bloom BookPack file is created and  appears in the Documents folder.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete Dogs and Cat Stories Bloompack.
2. Close the Bloom application.
