---
id: 500
title: "Try really hard to make something bad happen when moving a 5.7 book to 5.6"
description: "(406) Try really hard to make something bad happen when moving a 5.7 book to 5.6 Note : This test case is written to test for any latest version to earlier versions."
issues: []
created: 2024-11-15
last-modified: 2025-10-29
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Connect the Webcam to the computer.
2. Launch  a newer version of Bloom application (eg., Bloom 6.0)
3. Click the Settings button.
4. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
5. Click the Bloom Enterprise tab.
6. Enter "Test-727011-1339" in the subscription code.
7. Click the Restart button.
8. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Enter 'The Golden Touch' in the Front Cover title box.
6. Click the Credits Page thumbnail.
7. Verify the Credits page opens.
8. Click the 'Needs Copyright' button.
9. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
10. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
11. Click the OK button.
12. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
13. Click the Add page button.
14. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
15. Select 'Basic Text & Picture' template.
16. Click the Add page button.
17. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
18. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
19. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
20. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
21. Press the Enter key.
22. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
23. Click any of the Car images.
24. Click the OK button.
25. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
26. Enter 'This is a Car.' in the text pane.
27. Click the Hamburger button.
28. Verify the TBT menu appears.
29. Click the More..option (at the bottom of the menu)
30. Verify More...menu opens.
31. Select 'Overlay' checkbox.
32. Verify the Overlay Tool menu opens.
33. Drag the Speech bubble onto the picture pane.
34. Verify the speech bubble appears on the picture pane.
35. Enter 'It's a car' in the speech bubble text box.
36. Click the ADD CHILD BUBBLE button.
37. Verify a child bubble is added to the speech bubble.
38. Enter 'It's running' in the child bubble text box.
39. Click the Add Page button.
40. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
41. Select 'Quiz Page' template under Activity.
42. Verify the Quiz page is added.
43. Click the Add Page button.
44. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
45. Select 'Comic' under Digital Comic Book.
46. Click the Add Page button.
47. Verify the Comic page is added.
48. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
49. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
50. Enter 'Flower' in the Search box.
51. Press the Enter key.
52. Verify Flower images appear on the preview pane.
53. Click any of the Flower images.
54. Click the OK button.
55. Verify the Flower image appears on the picture pane.
56. Drag Image overlay onto the page.
57. Verify the Image overlay appears on the picture pane.
58. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
59. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
60. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
61. Press the Enter key.
62. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
63. Click any of the Car images.
64. Click the OK button.
65. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
66. Click the Add Page button.
67. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
68. Select 'Just Video' under Sign Language Book.
69. Click the Add Page button.
70. Verify 'Just Video' page is added.
71. Click the 'Allow' button from the 'Use your cameras' dialog.
72. Verify the Webcam is ON.
73. Click the Record button.
74. Verify the recording is started.
75. Click the Stop button.
76. Verify the recording is stopped.
77. Verify the video appears on the Video page.
78. Click the 'A5 Portrait' list box.
79. Verify the list box opens.
80. Select the '16x9 landscape' option.
81. Verify the page layout is changed to Landscape orientation.
82. Click the Collections tab.
83. Verify the 'The Golden Touch' book appears under collections.
84. Launch an Older version of Bloom application. (eg., Bloom 5.6)
85. Click on 'The Golden Touch' book thumbnail under Book collections. (after the migration)
86. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
87. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
88. Click on Page 1.
89. Verify the page (basic text & picture with speech bubbles) appears correctly.
90. Click on Page 2.
91. Verify the Quiz page appears correctly.
92. Click on Page 3.
93. Verify the comic page appears with the Image overlay correctly.
94. Click on Page 4.
95. Verify the video appears in the video page.
96. Click the Play button on the video page.
97. Verify the video plays. (after the migration)

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the ‘The Golden Touch’ book.
3. Close Bloom application.
