---
id: 501
title: "Look for Corners in (different kinds of) Xmatter. Can’t translate the original copyright information"
description: "Look for Corners in (different kinds of) Xmatter. Can’t translate the original copyright information"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-19
last-modified: 2025-10-22
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Click the 'Other Collection' button.
3. Verify 'Open/Create Collections' dialog opens.
4. Click the 'Create New Collection' button.
5. Verify 'Create New Bloom Collection'  dialog opens.
6. Enter 'Tamil' in the Search box.
7. Verify Tamil language bar appears.
8. Click the Tamil language bar.
9. Verify 'Tamil' script box appears.
10. Click the 'Tamil' script box.
11. Click the Next button.
12. Verify Font and Script view appears.
13. Click the Next button.
14. Verify Give Language Location view appears.
15. Click the Next button.
16. Verify 'தமிழ் Books' appears as Collection Name.
17. Click the Next button.
18. Verify 'Ready to create New collection' pane appears.
19. Click the Finish button.
20. Verify a new collection 'தமிழ் Books' appears on the Collections view.

**Action Steps**

1. Click 'The Moon and the Cap' Shell book under Sample Shells.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
4. Click on the Front cover title box. (which is translatable)
5. Paste "நீதி கதைகள்" in the Tamil title box.
6. Click on the Author (or Writer) name box.
7. Paste "ராஜா '  in the writer name box.
8. Click the Credits Page.
9. Verify that no translation box is available on the Credits page.
10. Click the 'Needs Copyright' button.
11. Verify the Copyright and License dialog opens.
12. Enter 'ராஜா' in the Copyright Holder name.
13. Click the OK button.
14. Verify that the Copyright Holder name appears in tamil on the top of the page.
15. Verify that the Original Copyright information still appeared in the English language.
16. Click the Publish tab.
17. Click the PDF & Print button.
18. Verify Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
19. Click the Simple Booklet Mode button.
20. Verify the PDF file is generated.
21. Navigate to the Credits page.
22. Verify that the Copyright Holder name appears in tamil on the top of the page.
23. Verify that the Original Copyright information appeared in the English language.
24. Click the Collections tab.
25. Verify the Collections view appears.
26. Click the Settings button.
27. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
28. Click the Book Making tab.
29. Select 'SIL-PNG' option under Front/Back Matter Pack.
30. Click the Restart button.
31. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
32. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
33. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
34. Click the Credits page.
35. Verify the Publisher's address appears under the Copyright Holder name at the top of the page.
36. Verify that the Original Copyright information appeared in the English language.
37. Click the Collections tab.
38. Verify the Collections view appears.
39. Click the Settings button.
40. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
41. Click the Book Making tab.
42. Select 'Paper Saver' option under Front/Back Matter Pack.
43. Click the Restart button.
44. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
45. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
46. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
47. Click the Credits page.
48. Verify the Publisher's address appears under the Copyright Holder name at the top of the page.
49. Verify that the Original Copyright information appeared in the English language.
50. Click the Collections tab.
51. Verify the Collections view appears.
52. Click the Settings button.
53. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
54. Click the Book Making tab.
55. Select 'Super Paper Saver' option under Front/Back Matter Pack.
56. Click the Restart button.
57. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
58. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
59. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
60. Click the Inside Back Cover page.
61. Verify that no translation box is available on the Credits page.
62. Verify that the Original Copyright information appeared in the English language.
63. Click the Collections tab.
64. Verify the Collections view appears.
65. Click the Settings button.
66. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
67. Click the Book Making tab.
68. Select 'Traditional' option under Front/Back Matter Pack.
69. Click the Restart button.
70. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
71. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
72. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
73. Click the Credits page.
74. Verify that no translation box is available on the Credits page.
75. Verify that the Original Copyright information appeared in the English language.
76. Click the Collections tab.
77. Verify the Collections view appears.
78. Click the Settings button.
79. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
80. Click the Book Making tab.
81. Select 'Device' option under Front/Back Matter Pack.
82. Click the Restart button.
83. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
84. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
85. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
86. Click the Credits page.
87. Verify that no translation box is available on the Credits page.
88. Verify that the Original Copyright information appeared in the English language.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete ‘The Moon and the Cap’ Shell book.
2. Close Bloom application.
