---
id: 502
title: "Text Box Formatting (done in Change Layout): Language of Box"
description: "Text Box Formatting (done in Change Layout): Language of Box"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-19
last-modified: 2025-09-02
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Settings button from the Bloom Editor toolbar.
2. Verify the Settings dialog is displayed.
3. Verify that the "English" language is displayed under "Language 2 (e.g. National Language)" field.
4. Click the "Change" hyperlink button under "Language 2 (e.g. National Language)" field.
5. Verify that the "Choose Language" dialog box is displayed.
6. Type "tamil" in the "Search by name, code, or country" field.
7. Verify "Tamil ta" is displayed.
8. Select the "Tamil ta" in the "Choose Language" dialog box.
9. Verify that the scripts were displayed under "Tamil ta".
10. Select the script "Tamil".
11. Verify that the "OK" button is enabled.
12. Click the "OK" button.
13. Verify that the language is changed to " தமிழ் (ta)" under the "Language 2 (e.g. National Language)" field.
14. Click the "Set" hyperlink button under "Language 3 (e.g. Regional Language)" field.
15. Verify the "Choose Language" dialog box is displayed.
16. Type "hindi" in the "Search by name, code, or country" field.
17. Verify "Hindi hi" is displayed.
18. Select the "Hindi hi" in the "Choose Language" dialog box.
19. Verify that the scripts were displayed under "Hindi hi".
20. Select the script "Devanagari (Nagari)".
21. Verify that the "OK" button is enabled.
22. Click the "OK" button.
23. Verify that the " मानक हिन्दी (hi)" is displayed under "Language 3 (e.g. Regional Language)" field.
24. Click the "Restart" button in the "Settings" dialog box.
25. Verify that the "Bloom" application is relaunched.
26. Select the sample book "The Moon and the Cap" under the "Sample Shells" area.
27. Click the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
28. Verify it opens in the "Edit" mode.
29. Click the "One Language" dropdown in the toolbar.
30. Verify that "English" is selected and appears first in the language list.
31. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left of the page.
32. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed.
33. Select the “Custom” page under the “Basic Pages” option.
34. Click the “ADD PAGE” button.
35. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is closed.
36. Verify that the new “Custom” page is displayed.
37. Switch on the "Change Layout" toggle button above the page 1.
58. Verify that the “Picture, Video, Text, or HTML Widget” is displayed on the newly created page.
59. Click the "Text" option in the first half of the page.
60. Verify that the "Text Box" icon is displayed on the page.
61. Click the gear icon near the Text box.
62. Verify the "Text Box Properties" dialog box opens.
63. Click the Language tab.
64. Verify that the 'Normal' radio button is already selected.
65. Verify there is a caption 'Use one these for simple text boxes that are always in only one language' appear with three radio buttons.
66. Click the "Selected Language 1 (English)" radio button.
67. Click Outside of the "Text Box Properties" dialog box.
68. Verify that the "Text Box Properties" dialog box is closed.
68. Switch off the "Change Layout" toggle button above the page 1.
69. Hover the cursor over page 1.
70. Verify that the "English" language is displayed at the bottom-right corner of the page.
71. Switch on the "Change Layout" toggle button above the page 1.
72. Verify that the “Text Box” icon is displayed on the page.
73. Click the gear icon of the Text box.
74. Click the gear icon near the Text box.
75. Verify the "Text Box Properties" dialog box opens.
76. Click the "Collection Language 2 (தமிழ்)" radio button.
77. Click Outside of the "Text Box Properties" dialog box.
78. Verify that the "Text Box Properties" dialog box is closed.
79. Switch off the "Change Layout" toggle button above the page 1.
80. Hover the cursor over page 1.
81. Verify that the "தமிழ்" language is displayed at the bottom-right corner of the page.
82. Switch on the "Change Layout" toggle button above the page 1.
83. Verify that the “Text Box” icon is displayed on the page.
84. Click the gear icon of the Text box.
85. Click the gear icon near the Text box.
86. Verify the "Text Box Properties" dialog box opens.
87. Click the "Collection Language 3 (मानक हिन्दी)" radio button.
88. Click Outside of the "Text Box Properties" dialog box.
89. Verify that the "Text Box Properties" dialog box is closed.
90. Switch off the "Change Layout" toggle button above the page 1.
91. Hover the cursor over page 1.
92. Verify that the " हिन्दी " language is displayed at the bottom-right corner of the page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Moon and the Cap book.
2. Close the Bloom application.
