---
id: 503
title: "Text Box Formatting (done in Change Layout): Vertical Alignment"
description: "Text Box Formatting (done in Change Layout): Vertical Alignment"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-19
last-modified: 2025-09-02
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application with the English book collection.

**Action Steps**

1. Verify that the ‘Sources for New Books’ section appeared on the left pane.
2. Click the ‘Moon and the Cap' from the Sample Shells in the ‘Source for New Books’ section.
3. Verify that the ‘Moon and the Cap' book preview is opened.
4. Click the ‘MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE’ button.
5. Verify that the ‘Moon and the Cap book’ is opened in the Edit mode.
6. Click on the Page "3" thumbnail on the Pages pane.
7. Verify that the Page "3" is opened in the edit mode.
8. Verify that the texts are aligned to the top in the text box.
9. Turn on the Change Layout Toggle button.

10 Verify the Change Layout Toggle button becomes turned ON.
11. Verify that the texts are overlaid by the Text Box gear button.
12. Click the gear button from the Text box.
13. Verify the Text box Properties dialog appears.
14. Click on the Alignment tab from the Text box Properties dialog.
15. Verify the 3 numbers of Vertical Alignment buttons appear.
16. Verify the first button is selected by default.
17. Click on the Second Vertical Alignment button.
18. Verify the Second button gets selected.
19. Click on the outside of the Text box Properties dialog.
20. Verify the Text box Properties dialog closes.
21. Turn off the Change Layout Toggle button.
22. Verify the Change Layout Toggle button turned OFF.
23. Verify that the texts are aligned to the middle in the text box.
24. Turn on the Change Layout Toggle button.
25. Verify the Change Layout Toggle button turned ON.
26. Verify that the text is overlaid by the Text Box gear button.
27. Click the gear button from the Text box.
28. Verify the Text box Properties dialog appears.
29. Click on the Alignment tab from the Text box Properties dialog.
30. Verify the 3 numbers of Vertical Alignment buttons appear.
31. Verify the second button is selected.
32. Click on the Third Vertical Alignment button.
33. Verify the Third Vertical Alignment button gets selected.
34. Click on the outside of the Text box Properties dialog.
35. Verify the Text box Properties dialog closes.
36. Turn off the Change Layout Toggle button.
37. Verify the Change Layout Toggle button turned OFF.
38. Verify that the texts are aligned to the bottom in the text box.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the “Moon and the Cap” book.
2. Close the Bloom application.
