---
id: 504
title: "Text Box Formatting (done in Change Layout): Borders and Background"
description: "Text Box Formatting (done in Change Layout): Borders and Background"
issues: []
created: 2024-11-19
last-modified: 2025-09-02
---

# Steps

**Setup**

1. Launch the Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Verify that the ‘Sources for New Books’ section appeared on the left pane
2. Click on the “Moon and the Cap” book under the “Sample Shells” section of the left pane.
3. Verify that the template preview appears
4. Click on the ‘MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE’ button
5. Verify that the “Moon and the Cap” book appears in edit mode.
6. Click on the “Page 6” thumbnail.
7. Verify that “Page 6” appears.
8. Click on the “change layout” toggle button at the top right-hand corner of a page
9. Verify the “change layout” option is enabled
10. Verify that the text box appears in editable mode.
11. Click on the “gear” icon beside the “Text Box“.
12. Verify that the “Text Box Properties” dialog appears.
13. Click on the “Borders & Background” tab.
14. Verify that the focus moves to the “Borders & Background” tab.
15. Verify that the “Border Style none” is set as the default
16. Verify that there is no border style in the text box on “page 6”.
17. Click the “Broder Style Gray” square box.
18. Verify that the  “Broder Style Gray” appears in the text box on “page 6”.
19. Verify that the “background none” is set as the default
20. Verify that there is no gray color appears in the text box on “page 6”.
21. Click on the “background gray” square box button.
22. Verify that the text box appears with a gray background style on “page 6”
23. Click on the left side border button.
24. Verify that the left border is disabled for the left side on “page 6”
25. Click on the left side border button.
26. Verify that the left border is enabled for the left side  on “page 6”
27. Click on the right side of the button.
28. Verify that the right border is disabled for the right side on “page 6”
29. Click on the right side of the button.
30. Verify that the right border is enabled for the right side on “page 6”
31. Click on the top side of the button.
32. Verify that the top border is disabled for the top side on “page 6”
33. Click on the top side of the button.
34. Verify that the top border is enabled for the top side on “page 6”
35. Click on the bottom side of the button.
36. Verify that the bottom border is disabled for the bottom side on “page 6”
37. Click on the bottom side of the button.
38. Verify that the bottom border is enabled for the bottom side on “page 6”
39. Close the “Text Box Properties” dialog by clicking on “Page 6”.
40. Click on the “Publish” tab.
41. Verify that the focus has moved to the “Publish” tab.
42. Click on the “PDF & Print” button on the left side pane.
43. Verify that the “Publish to PDF & Print” page appears.
44. Click on the “Simple” button under the  “Booklet Mode”.
45. Verify that the “Progress” dialog appears to generate the PDF.
46. Verify that the PDF file is generated.
47. Navigate to the “Page 6”
48. Verify that the “Text box” appears with a gray background on “Page 6”

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Moon and the Cap book.
2. Close the Bloom application.
