---
id: 509
title: "Copyright symbol"
description: "[6.1 regression] Image Copyright symbol is broken (BL-14151)"
issues:
  - [BL-14151](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-14151)
created: 2025-01-03
last-modified: 2025-09-18
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download an image (sample.png) from the internet
2. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click on the "Basic Book" Template from the Sources For New Book pane.
2. Verify that the "Basic Book" preview appears on the Right side pane.
3. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify that the “Basic Book” opens in the Edit tab
5. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left corner of the page
6. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed.
7. Select the "Basic Text & Picture" Template under the “Basic Pages” option.
8. Click the “ADD PAGE” button.
9. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is closed.
10. Verify that the "Basic Text & Picture" layout is displayed on the right side
11. Hover the mouse over the picture icon in the "Basic Text & Picture" page.
12. Verify that the "Change image" button is displayed.
13. Click the "Change image' button in the picture pane.
14. Verify the "Image Toolbox" dialog box opens.
15. Click the File button.
16. Verify "Choose Picture Files" dialog box opens.
17. Select the downloaded 'Sample.png' from the local system
18. Click the Open Key.
19. Verify that the selected image appears on the "Image Toolbox" dialog box.
20. Click on the OK button
21. Verify that the "Image Toolbox" dialog box is closed
22. Verify the selected image appears on the "Basic text & picture" page
23. Verify the "?" mark should appear at the top left corner of the picture pane
24. Click the "?" mark button
25. Verify that the "Copyright and License" dialog opens
26. Type the text 'TesterName' in the "Illustrator/Photographer" text box
27. Type the text 'Tester' in the "Copyright Holder" text box
28. Click the OK button
29. Verify that the "Picture Intellectual.." dialog appears with "Yes" and "No" buttons
30. Click on the "Yes" button
31. Hover the mouse over the picture icon in the "Basic Text & Picture" page.
32. Verify the "?" image should be changed to 'C' copyright image

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic book.
2. Close Bloom application.
