---
id: 51
title: "Bloom Library Uploads"
description: "Test case for Bloom Library Uploads"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-09
last-modified: 2025-08-04
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Type 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription Code text box.
6. Click the Restart button.
7. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
8. Click the Settings button.
9. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
10. Click the 'Change' link button under the Local Language field.
11. Verify the Choose Language dialog opens.
12. Type 'Tamil' on the Search bar.
13. Verify 'Tamil' language appears under the search bar.
14. Click 'Tamil' language.
15. Verify Tamil script buttons appear under the Tamil language bar.
16. Click the 'Tamil' script button.
17. Click the OK button.
18. Verify the 'Tamil language appears as Local Language.
19. Verify 'English (en)' language appears as National Language.
20. Click the Restart button.
21. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
22. Click the Settings button.
23. Verify 'தமிழ் (ta)' appears as Local Language.
24. Verify 'English (en)' appears as a National Language.
25. Click the OK button.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button is available on the right pane.
3. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
5. Click the Front Cover page.
6. Enter ‘Test Book’ in the Book title box.
7. Click the Add page button.
8. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
9. Click the Basic Text & Picture template under the Basic Pages heading.
10. Click the Add Page button.
11. Verify Basic Text & Picture template is added.
12. Click the Change Image button on the Picture pane.
13. Verify the Image Toolbox opens.
14. Enter 'Car' in the Search bar.
15. Verify the Car images appear on the Preview pane.
16. Click any of the Car images.
17. Click the OK button.
18. Verify the Car image added in the page.
19. Click the Language Selector from the Standard toolbar.
20. Verify the Language list box opens.
21. Click the English language in the Language Selector.
22. Verify there are two text boxes appearing under the Picture pane.
23. Click the English text pane under the Picture pane.
24. Enter ‘The Greek king Midas did a good deed for a Satyr. This prompted Dionysus, the god of wine, to grant him a wish. Midas asked for everything he touched to turn to gold.’ in the text box.
25. Click the Tamil text box under the Picture pane.
26. Enter ‘ஒரு நாட்ட ஆண்டுகிட்டு வந்த ராஜா ரெண்டு கிராமங்களுக்கு நடுவுல ஓடுன ஆத்துக்கு நடுவுல ஒரு பாலத்தை கட்டுனாரு’ in the tamil text box.
27. Verify the tami texts appear in the text box.
28. Click the Publish tab.
29. Click the Web button.
30. Verify Missing Copyright red box appears.
31. Click the 'Click to fix' link button.
32. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
33. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
34. Click the OK button.
35. Verify the Tester appears near the Copyright information.
36. Click the checkbox (Draft) under the Visibility field.
37. Click the Pen icon under the Topic field.
38. Verify Choose Topic dialog opens.
39. Click the Story book option.
40. Click the Close button.
41. Verify Story book name appears under Topic field.
42. Verify all the three checkboxes are empty under Agreements heading.
43. Click all the three checkboxes under Agreements heading.
44. Verify 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button enabled.
45. Click the 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
46. Verify 'Sign In / Sign Up' dialog appears.
47. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
48. Verify 'Sign in with email'  dialog appears.
49. Enter a valid user email (eg.,barani@eth.net) in the email text field.
50. Click the 'Next' button.
51. Enter a valid password (eg.,B1234567@u)in the password field.
52. Click the 'Sign In' button.
53. Verify the 'UPLOAD BOOK(TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG) button appears under Upload heading.
54. Click the 'UPLOAD BOOK(TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG) button
55. Verify Upload Progress..message appears.
56. Wait for a few seconds.
57. Verify VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button is enabled.
58. Click VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button.
59. Verify the book opens in dev.bloomlibrary.org site.
60. Wait for a few seconds..
61. Verify 'This book has recently arrived in the Bloom Library..' green box appears.
62. Wait for a few more seconds.
63. Press F5 key to refresh the page.
64. Verify the READ button appears.
65. Click the READ button.
66. Verify the book opens in the Bloom Player.
67. Click the Next button.
68. Verify the English text appears in the English text box.
69. Verify the Tamil text appears in the Tamil text box under the Picture pane.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic book.
2. Delete Bloom Subscription.
3. Close Bloom application.
