---
id: 510
title: "Scroll bar location on page after using the Previous and Next buttons in Bloom Player"
description: "The scroll bar appears in the center of the page after using the Previous and Next buttons in Bloom Player"
issues:
  - [BL-14112](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-14112)
created: 2025-01-03
last-modified: 2025-11-06
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click on the "Basic Book" Template from the Sources For New Book pane.
2. Verify that the "Basic Book" preview appears on the Right side pane.
3. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify that the “Basic Book” opens in the Edit tab.
5. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left corner of the page.
6. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed.
7. Select the 'Just a text' Template under the “Basic Pages” option.
8. Click the “ADD PAGE” button.
9. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is closed.
10. Verify that the 'Just a text' layout is displayed on the right side.
11. Click on the textbox in the 'Just a text' page.
12. Enter the paragraph "The Greek king Midas did a good deed for a Satyr. This prompted Dionysus, the god of wine, to grant him a wish. Midas asked for everything he touched to turn to gold. Dionysus warned him not to do so, but Midas could not be swayed. Midas excitedly started touching everything and turning them into gold. Soon, he became hungry. But he couldn’t eat anything because even his food turned to gold. His beloved daughter saw him in distress and ran to hug him. However, she, too, turned to gold. He realized then the golden touch was not a blessing."
13. Press the Enter key.
14. Enter the paragraph again (same text as above).
15. Press the Enter key.
16. Enter the paragraph again (same text as above).
17. Click the “Zoom In (+)” button in the top-right corner of the header four times.
18. Verify that the content of the page is zoomed in.
19. Verify the scroll bar does not change width.
20. Scroll the webpage downwards.
21. Verify that the vertical scrollbar is correctly positioned on the right side of the text box.
22. Click the “Zoom In (-)” button in the top-right corner of the header two times.
23. Verify the scroll bar does not change width.
24. Scroll the webpage downwards.
25. Verify that the vertical scrollbar is correctly positioned on the right side of the text box.
26. Click the Publish tab.
27. Click the "BloomPUB" button in the left pane.
28. Verify that the "Publish as BloomPUB" page appears in the right pane.
29. Click the "Preview" button in the "Publish as BloomPUB" page.
30. Verify that the “Creating Digital Book” dialog opens and closes after the process completes successfully.
31. Verify that the book appears in the Preview pane.
32. Click on the "Next" button in the Preview pane.
33. Verify the entered paragraph appears on the page.
34. Click the Next button.
35. Click the Previous button.
36. Verify that the scrollbar does not appear in the center of the page.
37. Click on the full screen button in the Preview pane.
38. Verify that the book appears in the full screen.
39. Scroll the webpage downwards.
40. Verify that the vertical scrollbar is correctly positioned on the right side of the page.
41. Verify that the vertical scrollbar can be scrolled all the way to the bottom of the page, ensuring the last line of content is fully visible.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic Book.
2. Close Bloom application.
