---
id: 511
title: "Sorting/duplicating in Add Page dialog"
description: "Improve sorting/duplicating in Add Page dialog"
issues:
  - [BL-14058](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-14058)
created: 2025-01-03
last-modified: 2025-11-06
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click on the "Basic Book" Template from the Sources For New Book pane.
2. Verify that the "Basic Book" preview appears on the Right side pane.
3. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify that the “Basic Book” opens in the Edit tab.
5. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left corner of the page.
6. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed.
7. Verify that "Basic Pages" section should appear at the top of the dialog.
8. Click on the Collections tab.
9. Click on the "eBook" Template from the Sources For New Book pane.
10. Verify that the "eBook" preview appears on the Right side pane.
11. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
12. Verify that the “eBook” opens in the Edit tab.
13. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left corner of the page.
14. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed.
15. Verify that "Basic Pages" section should appear at the top of the dialog.
16. Click on the Collections tab.
17. Click on the "Arithmetic Template" from the Sources For New Book pane.
18. Verify that the "Arithmetic Template" preview appears on the Right side pane.
19. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
20. Verify that the "Arithmetic Template" opens in the Edit tab.
21. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left corner of the page.
22. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed.
23. Verify that "Arithmetic Pages" section should appear at the top of the dialog.
24. Click on the Collections tab.
25. Click on the "Big Book" from the Sources For New Book pane.
26. Verify that the "Big Book" preview appears on the Right side pane.
27. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
28. Verify that the "Big Book" opens in the Edit tab.
29. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left corner of the page.
30. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed.
31. Verify that "Big Book" section should appear at the top of the dialog.
32. Click on the Collections tab.
33. Click on the "Decodable Reader" from the Sources For New Book pane.
34. Verify that the "Decodable Reader" preview appears on the Right side pane.
35. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
36. Verify that the "Decodable Reader" opens in the Edit tab.
37. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left corner of the page.
38. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed.
39. Verify that "Basic Pages" section should appear at the top of the dialog.
40. Click on the Collections tab.
41. Click on the "Digital Comic Book" from the Sources For New Book pane.
42. Verify that the "Digital Comic Book" preview appears on the Right side pane.
43. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
44. Verify that the "Digital Comic Book" opens in the Edit tab.
45. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left corner of the page.
46. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed.
47. Verify that "Digital Comic Pages" section should appear at the top of the dialog.
48. Click on the Collections tab.
49. Click on the "Leveled Reader" from the Sources For New Book pane.
50. Verify that the "Leveled Reader" preview appears on the Right side pane.
51. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
52. Verify that the "Leveled Reader" opens in the Edit tab.
53. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left corner of the page.
54. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed.
55. Verify that "Basic Pages" section should appear at the top of the dialog.
56. Click on the Collections tab.
57. Click on the "Paper Comic Book" from the Sources For New Book pane.
58. Verify that the "Paper Comic Book" preview appears on the Right side pane.
59. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
60. Verify that the "Paper Comic Book" opens in the Edit tab.
61. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left corner of the page.
62. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed.
63. Verify that "Paper Comic Book Pages" section should appear at the top of the dialog.
64. Click on the Collections tab.
65. Click on the "Sign Language" from the Sources For New Book pane.
66. Verify that the "Sign Language" preview appears on the Right side pane.
67. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
68. Verify that the "Sign Language" opens in the Edit tab.
69. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left corner of the page.
70. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed.
71. Verify that "Sign Language Pages" section should appear at the top of the dialog.
72. Click on the Collections tab.
73. Click on the "Template Starter" from the Sources For New Book pane.
74. Verify that the "Template Starter" preview appears on the Right side pane.
75. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
76. Verify that the "Template Starter" opens in the Edit tab.
77. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left corner of the page.
78. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed.
79. Verify that "Basic Pages" section should appear at the top of the dialog.
80. Click on the Collections tab.
81. Click on the "Wall Calendar" from the Sources For New Book pane.
82. Verify that the "Wall Calendar" preview appears on the Right side pane.
83. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
84. Verify that the "Setup" dialog appears with "OK" and "Cancel" button.
85. Click on the "OK" button.
86. Verify that the "Wall Calendar" opens in the Edit tab.
87. Verify that the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left corner of the page is disabled.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete Basic Book.
2. Delete eBook.
3. Delete Arithmetic Template.
4. Delete Big Book.
5. Delete Decodable Reader.
6. Delete Digital Comic Book.
7. Delete Leveled Reader.
8. Delete Sign Language.
9. Delete Template Starter.
10. Delete Wall Calendar.
11. Closed Bloom application.
