---
id: 512
title: "Copy command followed by CTRL V inserts empty paragraphs"
description: "[6.1] Bloom's UI Copy command followed by CTRL V inserts empty paragraphs"
issues:
  - [BL-14080](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-14080)
created: 2025-01-03
last-modified: 2025-09-18
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch the Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Verify that the ‘Sources for New Books’ section appeared on the left pane
2. Click on the “Basic Book” under the “Templates” section of the left pane.
3. Verify that the template preview appears
4. Click on the ‘MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE’ button
5. Verify that the “Basic” book appears in edit mode.
6. Click on the ‘Add Page’ button on the ‘Pages’ pane.
7. Verify that the ‘Add Page…’ dialog appears
8. Click on the ‘Just Text’ template in the ‘Basic Pages’ section.
9. Click on the ‘Add Page’ button.
10. Verify the page is created in the ‘Just Text’ template.
11. Click the “Change Layout” toggle button.
12. Verify that the “Text Box” tool appears.
13. Mouse hover on the “Text Box” tool.
14. Verify that the “+” icon appears horizontally and vertically
15. Click the “+” icon that shows above the horizontal lines.
16. Verify that the text link button appears with an underline.
17. Click the “Text” link button.
18. Click the “change layout” toggle button to turn off the tool box.
19. Verify that the two text boxes appear now.
20. Enter the below three sentences in first text box:

•    God creates the heavens and the earth, which were initially formless and void.

•    God speaks light into existence, separating it from the darkness and calling them Day and Night.

•    A dome is created to separate the waters above from the waters below, forming the sky.
21. Select all three lines using the CTRL+A key.
22. Verify all lines selected.
23. Click the “Copy” button in Bloom’s UI at the top of the application.
24. Click into the second text box.
25. Verify that the mouse cursor appears in the second text box.
26. Press the CTRL+V keys on the keyboard.
27. Verify that three lines appear within the second text box.
28. Verify that there is no space between the three sentences.
29. Verify that three lines appear with the same format as mentioned in the first text box.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the basic book.
2. Closed Bloom application.
