---
id: 513
title: "Selection lost when moving it from image to text"
description: "Selection lost when moving it from image to text"
issues:
  - [BL-14068](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-14068)
created: 2025-01-03
last-modified: 2025-11-06
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Open a collection with an enterprise subscription.

**Actions Steps**

1. Click on the "Basic Book" Template from the Sources For New Book pane.
2. Verify that the "Basic Book" preview appears on the Right side pane.
3. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify that the “Basic Book” opens in the Edit tab
5. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left corner of the page
6. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed.
7. Select the 'Basic Text & Picture' Template under the “Basic Pages” option.
8. Click the “ADD PAGE” button.
9. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is closed.
10. Verify that the 'Basic Text & Picture' layout is displayed on the right side
11. Click the hamburger menu in the top right corner.
12. Verify that the “Talking Book Tool” menu is displayed.
13. Click the “More..” button under the “Talking Book Tool” menu.
14. Verify that more options were displayed.
15. Click the “Overlay Tool” checkbox.
16. Verify the Overlay Tool menu displays.
17. Click and drag an image overlay from the overlay tools menu
18. Drop the image overlay onto the background image placeholder on the picture page.
19. Click on the textbox in the 'Basic Text & Picture' page
20. Type the sentence 'This is for testing purpose' in the text box
21. Verify the entered texts added in the text box

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the basic book.
2. Close Bloom application.
