---
id: 515
title: "Some Overlays show + sign when hovering over a text box"
description: "[5.6] Some Overlays show + sign when hovering over a text box (BL-14045)"
issues:
  - [BL-14045](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-14045)
created: 2025-01-03
last-modified: 2025-09-23
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic Book under Templates in the Collections tab.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Click the Add Page button.
6. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
7. Select Just a Picture template.
8. Click the Add Page button.
9. Verify the page is added in the Edit view.
10. Click the Hamburger button.
11. Verify the TBT menu appears.
12. Click the More..option (at the bottom of the menu)
13. Verify More...menu opens.
14. Select 'Overlay Tool' check box.
15. Verify the Overlay Tool menu opens.
16. Click the Speech Bubble Overlay.
17. Drag the Speech bubble overlay onto a page.
18. Verify 'Image Barred' sign should display if the portion of the page / container cannot receive an Overlay.
19. Drag the Speech bubble overlay in the middle of the page.
20. Verify a '+' sign should display on the page.
21. Click the Image Overlay.
22. Drag the Image overlay onto a page.
23. Verify 'Image Barred' sign should display if the portion of the page / container cannot receive an Overlay.
24. Drag the Image overlay in the middle of the page.
25. Verify a '+' sign should display on the page.
26. Click the Video Overlay.
27. Drag the Video overlay onto a page.
28. Verify 'Image Barred' sign should display if the portion of the page / container cannot receive an Overlay.
29. Drag the Video overlay in the middle of the page.
30. Verify a '+' sign should display on the page.
31. Click the Text Block Overlay.
32. Drag the Text Block overlay onto a page.
33. Verify 'Image Barred' sign should display if the portion of the page / container cannot receive an Overlay.
34. Drag the Text Block overlay in the middle of the page.
35. Verify a '+' sign should display on the page.
36. Click the Caption Overlay.
37. Drag the Caption overlay onto a page.
38. Verify 'Image Barred' sign should display if the portion of the page / container cannot receive an Overlay.
39. Drag the Caption overlay in the middle of the page.
40. Verify a '+' sign should display on the page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Basic book.
3. Close Bloom application.
