---
id: 517
title: "new Readium ePUB preview treats RtL and LtR languages alike (page order)"
description: "[5.5 regression] new Readium ePUB preview treats RtL and LtR languages alike (page order) (BL-12185)"
issues:
  - [BL-12185](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-12185)
created: 2025-01-03
last-modified: 2025-09-19
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download the Urdu book from this link https://bloomlibrary.org/language:ur/book/ATr3yF8jCu .
2. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click on the "Settings" button in the Header
2. Verify that the "Settings" dialog opens
3. Click the "Book Making" tab
4. Click the "Special Script Settings" button under the "Default Font for English" dropdown
5. Verify that the "Special Script Settings.." dialog opens
6. Enable the checkbox "This script is written right to left like Arabic..."
7. Click the "OK" button
8. Verify that the "Special Script Settings.." dialog closes
9. Click the “Restart” button in the Settings dialog
10. Verify that the Bloom restart automatically
11. Click the Urdu book from the "Books From BloomLibrary.org" section in the left pane
12. Verify that the "Urdu Book" preview appears on the right pane.
13. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
14. Verify that the "Urdu Book" opens in the Edit tab
15. Click the Publish tab
16. Click the ePUB button from the left pane
17. Verify "Publish as ePUB" page opens
18. Click the Preview button.
19. Verify that the ‘Creating ePUB..’ process dialog opens and starts loading
20. Click the "Close" button in the ‘Creating ePUB..’ dialog after it has finished loading
21. Verify that the "Urdu Book" appears in the "Preview" pane
22. Click the left navigation arrow in the "Preview" pane
23. Verify that the page moves forward in a right-to-left manner
24. Click the right navigation arrow.
25. Verify that the page returns to the "Front Cover"

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Urdu book.
2. Close Bloom application.
