---
id: 518
title: "Page Refresh triggers Video Overlay to move slightly to the left"
description: "[6.1] Page Refresh triggers Video Overlay to move slightly to the left"
issues:
  - [BL-14013](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-14013)
created: 2025-01-03
last-modified: 2025-09-18
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

Launch Bloom application
1. Click the Settings button.
2. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
3. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
4. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
5. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
6. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
7. Click the Restart button.
8. Verify Bloom gets restarted

**Action Steps**

1. Click on the "Basic Book" Template from the Sources For New Book pane.
2. Verify that the "Basic Book" preview appears on the Right side pane.
3. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify that the “Basic Book” opens in the Edit tab
5. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left corner of the page
6. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed.
7. Select the "Just a Picture" Template under the “Basic Pages” section
8. Click the “ADD PAGE” button.
9. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is closed.
10. Verify "Just a Picture" layout is displayed on the right side.
11. Click the Hamburger menu from the top right corner.
12. Verify that the “Talking Book Tool” menu is displayed.
13. Click the “more” button on the right pane.
14. Click the “Overlay Tools” checkbox.
15. Verify the Overlay Tools menu option displays.
16. Click the Video bubble.
17. Drag and drop the Video bubble to the picture pane.
18. Click on Page "1" thumbnail in the left pane to Refresh the screen
19. Verify that the video bubble remains fixed in its position on the page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic book.
2. Closed Bloom application.
