---
id: 519
title: "Selecting video overlay triggers video play"
description: "[6.1] Selecting video overlay triggers video play"
issues:
  - [BL-14015](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-14015)
created: 2025-01-03
last-modified: 2025-11-07
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Open a collection with an enterprise subscription.

Action Steps
1. Click on the "Basic Book" from the Sources For New Books in the left Pane.
2. Verify that the MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears in the right pane.
3. Click the MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify that the Basic Book opens in Edit Mode.
5. Click the Add Page + button.
6. Verify that the Add Page… dialog appears.
7. Select the Just a Picture template from Basic Pages.
8. Click ADD PAGE.
9. Verify that the Just a Picture page is displayed in the right pane.
10. Verify that an Image Box is present on Page 1.
11. Verify that the Change Image button appears on Page 1.
12. Click the Hamburger menu (top-right corner).
13. Verify that the Talking Book Tool appears.
14. Click the More… button.
15. Verify that the Overlay Tool checkbox is unchecked by default.
16. Select the Overlay Tool checkbox.
17. Verify that the Overlay Tool section expands.
18. Verify that the video icon button is displayed in the Overlay Tool.
19. Drag and drop video icon from the Overlay Tool onto Page 1.
20. Verify that a new empty video overlay appears on Page 1.
21. Click the new empty video overlay.
22. Verify that the Record Yourself button appears below the video overlay.
23. Verify that the Image Box and Change Image button disappear from Page 1.
24. Click the Record Yourself button.
25. Verify that a camera permission alert appears (only the first time).
26. Click Allow.
27. Verify that the alert disappears.
28. Verify that the Sign Language Tool appears on the right pane.
29. Verify that the camera feed is active in the Sign Language Tool.
30. Verify that the Red Record button is displayed.
31. Click the Red Record button.
32. Verify that recording begins.
33. Record the video.
34. Click the Stop button.
35. Verify that recording stops.
36. Verify that the recorded video appears in the Page 1 video overlay.
37. Click the Play button on the video overlay.
38. Verify that the video starts playing.
39. Click the Pause button.
40. Verify that the video pauses playing.
41. Click the Overlay Tool in the right pane again.
42. Verify that the Overlay Tool section expands.
43. Drag and drop another video icon onto Page 1.
44. Verify that empty video overlay is added to Page 1.
45. Click the new empty video overlay.
46. Click the already recorded video overlay.
47. Verify that the already recorded video does not play when it is selected.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the "Test" book.
2. Close the Bloom application.
