---
id: 52
title: "Bloom Library Downloads"
description: "Test case for Bloom Library Downloads"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-09
last-modified: 2025-09-04
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click on the ‘Basic Book’ template from the Templates section on the left pane
2. Verify that the ‘Basic Book’ template is opened in the preview mode
3. Click on the “MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE”
4. Verify that the ‘Basic Book’ template is opened in the edit mode
5. Open a web browser
6. Open the URL “https://bloomlibrary.org/”
7. Click on the ‘French’ book collections
8. Verify that all the ‘French books’ are listed
9. Enter “Dieu créa les animaux” in the “Search for books” field.
10. Press the “Enter” key.
11. Click on the book ‘Dieu créa les animaux’
12. Verify the book opens in the 'Read' page
13. Click on the 'Translate into your language' button
14. Verify that the ‘Almost there…’ dialog appears with “CANCEL” and ‘DOWNLOAD BOOK’ buttons
15. Click on the ‘DOWNLOAD BOOK’ button
16. Verify that the ‘Open Bloom?’ browser popup appeared with ‘Open Bloom’ and ‘Cancel’ buttons
17. Click on the ‘Open Bloom’ button.
18. Verify "Downloading Book" dialog opens
19. Verify that the "Download complete" dialog box is displayed once the download finishes
20. Click the OK button on the "Download complete" dialog
21. Verify 'Here it comes' dialog box appeared with “TRY DOWNLOADING IT AGAIN” and “OK” button
22. Click the OK button
23. Open the Bloom application
24. Click on the “Collections” tab
25. Scroll down in the “Sources For New Books” section
26. Verify that the downloaded “Dieu créa les animaux” book is available under the "Books From BloomLibrary.org" section.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete all Bloom Library Downloads.
2. Close Bloom application.
