---
id: 520
title: "Image buttons disappear after alt-tab"
description: "[6.0] Image buttons disappear after alt-tab"
issues:
  - [BL-13986](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-13986)
created: 2025-01-03
last-modified: 2025-11-06
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click 'The Moon and the Cap' book.
2. Verify that the "Moon and the Cap" book is displayed in the "Right pane".
3. Click the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify it opens in the "Edit" mode.
5. Click the ‘Add Page’ button at the bottom left of the page.
6. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is displayed.
7. Select the “Custom” page under the “Basic Pages” option.
8. Click the “ADD PAGE” button.
9. Verify that the “Add Page..” dialog box is closed.
10. Verify that the new “Custom” page is displayed.
11. Click the “Picture” text link.
12. Verify a picture placeholder displays on the page.
13. Click the “Change Layout” toggle.
14. Hover over the picture placeholder.
15. Click the “Change Image” button.
16. Verify the “Image Toolbox” dialog opens.
17. Click the File button.
18. Verify the “Choose Picture File” dialog opens.
19. Select any image.
20. Click the “Open” button on the dialog.
21. Verify the “Choose Picture File” dialog closes.
22. Click the “OK” button on the “Image Toolbox”.
23. Verify the image is displayed on the page.
24. Minimize the Bloom window.
25. Open any browser.
26. Press Alt+tab on the keyboard.
27. Verify the Bloom application reopens, showing page 1 with the attached rose picture.
28. Click on the attached picture.
29. Verify that the “Copyrights icon, Change image icon and the Image editing toolbar” were displayed correctly.
30. Press Alt+tab on the keyboard.
31. Verify that the browser is displayed.
32. Press Alt+tab on the keyboard.
33. Verify the Bloom application reopens, showing page 1 with the attached rose picture.
34. Click on the attached picture.
35. Verify that the “Copyrights icon, Change image icon and the Image editing toolbar” were displayed correctly.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete The Moon and the Cap Book.
2. Close Bloom application.
