---
id: 524
title: "Auto update overflow or scrolling when changing bubble height"
description: "[6.1] Auto update overflow or scrolling when changing bubble height (BL-13902)"
issues:
  - [BL-13902](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-13902)
created: 2025-01-03
last-modified: 2025-11-13
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic Book.
2. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button.
3. Verify the book open in the Edit mode.
4. Click the Add page button.
5. Verify the Add page dialog opens.
6. Click 'Just a Picture' template.
7. Click the Add page button.
8. Verify 'Just a Picture' template is added.
9. Click the Hamburger button.
10. Verify the TBT menu opens.
11. Click the More option menu which appears at the bottom of the TBT menu.
12. Verify the More option menu opens.
13. Select the 'Canvas Tool' check box.
14. Verify the Canvas Tool menu opens.
15. Drag the Text Block from the Canvas Tool menu and drop it onto the page.
16. Verify the Text Block Overlay appears on the page.
17. Type 'One' on the text box.
18. Press the Enter key.
19. Type 'Two' on the text box.
20. Press the Enter key.
21. Type 'Three' on the text box.
22. Press the Enter key.
23. Type 'Three' on the text box.
24. Press the Enter key.
25. Verify the text box should automatically be readjusted and show all the numbers.
26. Click the ellipse button from the text block overlay.
27. Verify a popup menu opens.
28. De-select the 'Auto height' option.
29. Click the Change Shape button which appears at the bottom of the text box.
30. Resize the bubble vertically.
31. Verify that a scroll bar appears when the bubble is dragged upwards.
32. Verify there is now an overflow. (ie., the text appears in red)
33. Click the ellipse button from the text block overlay.
34. Verify a popup menu opens.
35. Select the 'Auto height' option.
36. Verify the text box should automatically be readjusted and show all the numbers.
37. Click the ellipse button from the text block overlay.
38. Verify a popup menu opens.
39. Click the Format text option.
40. Verify Format dialog opens.
41. Click the Characters tab.
42. Click the Font size dropdown list box.
43. Verify the list box opens.
44. Select 22.
45. Verify the text box should automatically be readjusted and show all the numbers.
46. Click outside of the Format dialog.
47. Verify the Format dialog closes.
48. Click the ellipse button from the text block overlay.
49. Verify a popup menu opens.
50. De-select the 'Auto height' option.
51. Verify that a scroll bar appears when the Change Shape button is dragged upwards.
52. Verify there is now an overflow. (ie., the text appears in red)

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Basic Book.
3. Close Bloom application.
