---
id: 527
title: "Inconsistent behavior of the image overlay on a picture page"
description: "Inconsistent behavior of the image overlay on a picture page"
issues:
  - [BL-14185](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-14185)
created: 2025-02-07
last-modified: 2025-11-13
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Basic Book.
2. Click the 'Make a book using this Source' button.
3. Verify the book opens in Edit mode.
4. Click the Add page button.
5. Verify the Add page dialog opens.
6. Click 'Just a Picture' template.
7. Click the Add page button.
8. Verify the 'Just a picture' page is added.
9. Click the Hamburger button which appears at the top right corner of the Bloom Editor.
10. Verify TBT menu opens.
11. Click the More.. option which appears at the bottom of the TBT menu.
12. Verify the More option menu opens.
13. Select ‘Canvas Tool' check box.
14. Verify the Canvas Tool menu opens.
15. Drag and drop the Image overlay on the picture page.
16. Verify an option toolbox appears near the Image overlay.
17. Click on the ellipse button.
18. Verify the popup menu opens.
19. Click 'Choose image from your computer..' option.
20. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
21. Click the File button.
22. In the Choose Picture File dialog, select a picture.
23. Click the Open button.
24. Click the OK button on the Image Toolbox dialog.
25. Verify the image appears on the Image Overlay.
26. Click the upper 'Crop' button from the Image overlay.
27. Drag it downwards.
28. Verify the image is vertically cropped.
29. Click the Publish tab.
30. Click the PDF & Print button.
31. Verify Publish to PDF & Print page opens.
32. Click the 'Simple' mode under Booklet Mode heading.
33. Verify a PDF book is generated and shown on the page.
34. Verify the vertically cropped image appears correctly.
35. Click the BloomPUB button.
36. Verify Publish as BloomPUB page opens.
37. Click the Preview button.
38. Verify the book opens in the BloomPUB viewer.
39. Click the Next page.
40. Verify the vertically cropped image appears correctly on the picture page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Basic book.
3. Close Bloom application.
