---
id: 529
title: "Import Recording doesn't remember the last location"
description: "[6.1 regression] Import Recording doesn't remember the last location"
issues:
  - https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-14167
created: 2025-02-07
last-modified: 2025-11-20
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download a mp3 music clip from https://samplelib.com/sample-mp3.html (eg. sample-3s, sample-6s) to the Downloads folder.
2. Launch Bloom application
3. Click the Settings button.
4. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
5. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
6. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
7. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
8. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
9. Click the Restart button.
10. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click an eBook under Templates in the Collections view.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears on the preview pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
5. Click the Add Page button.
6. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
7. Click the 'Just Text' template.
8. Click the Add Page button.
9. Verify the 'Just Text' is added.
10. Enter 'There once was a boy who grew bored while watching over the village sheep' in the text box.
11. Click the Hamburger button.
12. Verify the TBT menu opens.
13. Verify the whole sentence get highlighted.
14. Click the Advanced button.
15. Click “By Whole Text Box” radio button for “Recording Mode”.
16. Click the 'Import Recording...' button.
17. Verify Choose Audio File dialog opens.
18. Click the Downloads option from the left pane.
19. Verify the Downloads folder opens.
20. Select the audio file. (eg., sample.mp3).
21. Click the Open button.
22. Verify the audio file is added.
23. Click the Close button.
24. Verify Bloom closes.
25. Restart Bloom application.
26. Click the EDITH THIS BOOK button.
27. Click Page 1 thumbnail.
28. Verify Page 1 appears.
29. Verify the TBT menu appears on the right pane.
30. Click the Advanced button.
31. Click the 'Import Recording..' button.
32. Verify the “Replace with new audio?” dialog pops up.
33. Click the REPLACE button.
34. Verify the Choose Audio File dialog opens.
35. Verify it shows the last saved location. (i.e. C:\Users\UserName\Downloads)

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the audio file.
3. Delete the eBook.
4. Close Bloom application.
