---
id: 53
title: "Licensing"
description: "Test case for Licensing"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-09
last-modified: 2025-08-12
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Enter ‘Test-727011-1339’ in the subscription code.
6. Click the Restart button.
7. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
8. Download Super Bible - Jonah from https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1W-eefTHmxhXsQuun5EhZsqtRNUCbWAWc
9. Connect the Android Mobile to the Computer via USB Cable.

**Action Steps**

1. Click 'Super Bible - Jonah -V2.0' book thumbnail under 'Super Bible - Jonah -V2.0' heading.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button is available in the right pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the Book appears in the edit mode.
5. Click the Publish tab.
6. Click the PDF & Print button.
7. Verify Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
8. Click 'Simple' mode under Booklet Mode heading.
9. Verify the error message 'The copyright holder of this book has not licensed for publishing in XXXXXX. Please contact the copyright holder to learn more about licensing' appear on the Warning dialog.
10. Click the OK button.
11. Verify the Warning dialog closes.
12. Click the Web button.
13. Verify Publish to Web view opens.
14. Verify ‘Click to fix’ link button under Missing Copyright heading.
15. Click the ‘Click to fix’ link button under the Missing Copyright heading.
16. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
17. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
18. Click the OK button.
19. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
20. Verify all the three checkboxes are empty under Agreements heading.
21. Click all the three checkboxes to get enabled under Agreements heading.
22. Click SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG button.
23. Verify the Sing in / Sign up dialog opens.
24. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
25. Enter a valid email ID (eg., shawn@eth.net) in the Email text box.
26. Click the Next button.
27. Enter a valid password (eg., B123456@) in the password text box.
28. Press the Enter key.
29. Verify UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)button appears in the Publish to Web view.
30. Click UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)button
31. Verify the error message 'The copyright holder of this book has not licensed for publishing in XXXXXX. Please contact the copyright holder to learn more about licensing' appear on the Upload Progress dialog.
32. Click the SIGN OUT (xxxxx@xxx.xx) button.
33. Click the Publish tab.
34. Click the 'BloomPUB' button.
35. Verify  'Publish as BloomPUB' view opens.
36. Select 'Save BloomPUB File' option.
37. Click the 'Save' Button.
38. Verify the error message 'The copyright holder of this book has not licensed for publishing in English. Please contact the copyright holder to learn more about licensing' appear on the Published dialog.
39. Click the Close button.
40. Verify 'Publishing' dialog is closed.
41. Click the 'Share over Wi-Fi' option.
42. Click the 'Share' Button.
43. Verify the error message 'The copyright holder of this book has not licensed for publishing in English. Please contact the copyright holder to learn more about licensing' appear on the Published dialog.
44. Click the Close button.
45. Verify 'Publishing' dialog is closed.
46. Click the 'Send over USB Cable' option.
47. Click the 'Connect with USB Cable' Button.
48. Verify the error message 'The copyright holder of this book has not licensed for publishing in English. Please contact the copyright holder to learn more about licensing' appear on the Published dialog.
49. Click the Close button.
50. Verify 'Publishing' dialog is closed.
51. Click the 'ePUB' button.
52. Verify  'Publish as ePUB' view opens.
53. Click the 'Save' Button.
54. Verify the error message 'The copyright holder of this book has not licensed for publishing in English. Please contact the copyright holder to learn more about licensing' appear on the Published dialog.
55. Click the Close button.
56. Verify 'Publishing' dialog is closed.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete Super Bible - Jonah book.
2. Delete the Subscription code.
3. Close Bloom application.
