---
id: 530
title: "Origami divider drag not releasing"
description: "[6.1 regression] Origami divider drag not releasing (BL-14009)"
issues:
  - [BL-14009](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-14009)
created: 2025-02-07
last-modified: 2025-10-29
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click an eBook under Templates.
2. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button.
3. Verify the book open in the Edit mode.
4. Click the Add page button.
5. Verify the Add page dialog opens.
6. Click the 'Custom' template.
7. Click the Add page button.
8. Verify the 'Custom' page is added.
9. Turn on the Change Layout button button.
10. Verify the Picture page is on the Edit change layout mode.
11. Click the Picture link.
12. Verify Image box appears.
13. Click the '+' button.
14. Verify the origami division appears.
15. Click the 'Text' link button.
16. Verify a new text box is created under the picture pane.
17. Hover the mouse over the page.
18. Click the '+' button which appears near the Vertical bar.
19. Verify another origami division appears.
20. Click the 'Video' link button.
21. Verify the new video box is created on the page.
22. Turn off the Change Layout button.
23. Verify the page shows Image box, text box and video box.
24. Hover the mouse at the bottom of the image box.
25. Click the horizontal divider.
26. Drag it in an upward downward direction.
27. Drag it to downward direction.
28. Release the Mouse key.
29. Verify resizing is smooth and predictable.
30. Verify resizing stops and does not "stick".
31. Hover the mouse on the right end of the video object.
32. Click the vertical divider of the picture pane.
33. Drag it to the left direction.
34. Drag it to the right direction.
35. Release the Mouse key.
36. Verify resizing is smooth and predictable.
37. Verify resizing stops and does not "stick".

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the eBook.
2. Close Bloom application.
