---
id: 533
title: "Image Description Tool Kills Overlay Image"
description: "[6.1 Regression] Image Description Tool Kills Overlay Image"
issues:
  - [BL-13946](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-13946)
created: 2025-02-07
last-modified: 2025-09-19
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Basic Book.
2. Click the 'Make a book using this Source' button.
3. Verify the book open in the Edit mode.
4. Click the Add page button.
5. Verify the Add page dialog opens.
6. Click 'Just a Picture' template.
7. Click the Add page button.
8. Verify the 'Just a Picture' page is added.
9. Click the 'Change Image’ button on the picture page.
10. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
11. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
12. Press the Enter key.
13. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
14. Click any of the Car images.
15. Click the OK button.
16. Verify the Car image appears on the Picture page.
17. Click the Hamburger button which appears at the top right corner of the Bloom Editor.
18. Verify the TBT menu opens.
19. Click the More..option under TBT menu.
20. Verify the More option menu opens.
21. Select the 'Overlay tool' option check box.
22. Verify the Overlay Tool menu opens.
23. Drag the Video Overlay on the picture page.
24. Drop the Video Overlay on the picture page.
25. Verify the Video Overlay is placed over the picture.
26. Drag the Image Overlay on the picture page.
27. Drop the Image Overlay on the picture page.
28. Verify the Image Overlay is placed over the picture.
29. Drag the Text Block Overlay on the picture page.
30. Drop the Text Block Overlay on the picture page.
31. Verify the Text Block Overlay is placed over the picture.
32. Drag the Caption Overlay on the picture page.
33. Drop the Caption Overlay on the picture page.
34. Verify the Caption Overlay is placed over the picture.
35. Drag the Speech bubble on the picture page.
36. Drop the Speech bubble on the picture page.
37. Verify the Speech bubble is placed over the picture.
38. Click the More..option which appears at the bottom of the tool menu.
39. Verify the More option menu opens.
40. Select the 'Image Description tool' option check box.
41. Verify the Image Description Tool menu opens on the page.
42. Verify all the 5 overlays are removed completely from the view.
43. Click the 'Image Description tool' option check box to disable the feature.
44. Verify all the 5 overlays are restored to view.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Basic book.
3. Close Bloom application.
