---
id: 534
title: "Overflow not detected"
description: "[6.0] Overflow not detected (BL-13942)"
issues:
  - [BL-13942](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-13942)
created: 2025-02-07
last-modified: 2025-10-17
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click an eBook under Templates.
2. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button.
3. Verify the book open in the Edit mode.
4. Click the Page Layout dropdown list box.
5. Verify the layout list box opens.
6. Click ‘Device 16x9 Portrait’ layout.
7. Verify the Page layout should change to Portrait type.
8. Click the Add page button.
9. Verify the Add page dialog opens.
10. Click the 'Picture in Middle' template.
11. Click the Add page button.
12. Verify the 'Picture in Middle' page is added.
13. Click the gear icon of the text box which appears at the top of the page.
14. Verify the Format dialog appears.
15. Select 'Big Words' style.
16. Click outside of the text box.
17. Enter “Testing Big Words” in the text box.
18. Verify a scroll bar appears and functions correctly.
19. Click the Collections tab.
20. Verify the Collections view opens.
21. Click an eBook under Templates.
22. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button.
23. Verify the book open in the Edit mode.
24. Verify the Page layout appears in Landscape mode.
25. Click the Add page button.
26. Verify the Add page dialog opens.
27. Click the Add page button.
28. Verify the Add page dialog opens.
29. Click the 'Picture in Middle' template.
30. Click the Add page button.
31. Verify the 'Picture in Middle' page is added.
32. Click the text box which appears on the top of the page.
33. Add text to a page so that the page is almost overflowing. (eg., There once was a boy who grew bored while watching over the village sheep. He wanted to make things more exciting. There once was a boy who grew bored while watching over the village sheep.)
34. Click on the beginning of the paragraph.
35. Enter some text 'There once was a boy who grew'. (or add some other text)
36. Verify Scroll bars appear and function correctly regardless of page type and vertical alignment.
37. Click a Basic Book under Templates.
38. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button.
39. Verify the book open in the Edit mode.
40. Click the Add page button.
41. Verify the Add page dialog opens.
42. Click the 'Picture in Middle' template.
43. Click the Add page button.
44. Verify the 'Picture in Middle' page is added.
45. Click the text box which appears on the top of the page.
46. Add text to a page so that the page is almost overflowing. (eg., There once was a boy who grew bored while watching over the village sheep. He wanted to make things more exciting. There once was a boy who grew bored while watching over the village sheep.There once was a boy who grew bored while watching over the village sheep. He wanted to make things more exciting. There once was a boy who grew bored while watching over the village sheep. )
47. Verify a scroll bar appears and functions correctly.
48. Verify the text turns red.
49. Click Credits page (or some other page)
50. Click Page 1 thumbnail.
51. Verify there is a warning triangle that should appear over the page thumbnail.
52. Hover the mouse over the text box.
53. Verify a message "This box has more text than will fit" appears when hovering the text box.
54. Remove the exact same text just added.
55. Verify that the text color turns back to original.
56. Verify the scroll bar disappears.
57. Click the gear icon of the text box which appears at the top of the page.
58. Verify the Format dialog appears.
59. Select 'Big Words' style.
60. Click outside of the text box.
61. Verify a scroll bar appears .
62. Verify the text turns red.
63. Click Credits page (or some other page)
64. Click Page 1 thumbnail.
65. Verify there is a warning triangle that should appear over the page thumbnail.
66. Hover the mouse over the text box.
67. Verify a message "This box has more text than will fit" appears when hovering the text box.
68. Click the gear icon of the text box which appears at the top of the page.
69. Verify the Format dialog appears.
70. Select 'Normal' style.
71. Click outside of the text box.
72. Verify the Vertical alignment turns back to its original state
73. Verify the text color turns back to original
74. Verify the scroll bars disappear.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the eBook.
2. Delete the Basic book.
3. Close Bloom application.
