---
id: 536
title: "Bloom should preserve your registration"
description: "Bloom should preserve your registration"
issues:
  - https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-14101
created: 2025-02-07
last-modified: 2025-09-23
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch older version of Bloom application. (eg., Bloom 6.2.xxx)
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
10. Keep your current Book collections, including at least one Team Collection.
11. Remove Registration details from Bloom.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Settings button.
2. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
3. Click the Advanced Program Settings tab.
4. Verify 'Automatically Update Bloom' is not checked.
5. Verify Team Collections check box is checked.
6. Click the OK button.
7. Verify the Settings dialog closes.
8. Click the Other Collections button.
9. Verify the Open / Create Collections dialog opens.
10. Click a Team Collection book name. (eg., Tamil Shared Books)
11. Verify the Team Collection book opens in the Bloom application.
12. Click the Help option from the Bloom Window.
13. Verify Help menu opens.
14. Click the Registration...option.
15. Verify Register Bloom dialog opens.
16. Enter a valid name in the First Name box. (eg., shawn)
17. Enter a valid name in the Surname box. (jack)
18. Enter a valid email name in the Email Address box (eg., shawn@eth.net)
19. Enter a valid name in the Organization box.
20. Enter a valid text in the 'How are you using Bloom..' text box. (eg., Testing)
21. Click the Register button.
22. Close the Bloom application.
23. Relaunch the Bloom application.
24. Click the Help option from the Bloom Window.
25. Verify Help menu opens.
26. Click the 'Check For New Version' option.
27. Verify ' A new version of Bloom is available' with 'Update Now' link button.
28. Click the 'Update Now' link button.
29. Verify 'Downloading...' toast message appears.
30. Verify 'Applying updates..' toast message appears.
31. Verify 'Update for 6.2 <new version number> is ready' with 'Restart Bloom to Update' link button.
32. Click Restart Bloom to Update button.
33. Verify the new version of Bloom (eg., Bloom 6.2.xxx) gets restarted.
34. Click the Help option from the Bloom Window.
35. Verify Help menu opens.
36. Click the Registration...option.
37. Verify Register Bloom dialog opens.
38. Verify the registration details are preserved in the Team Collection book.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Team Collection book.
3. Close Bloom application.
