---
id: 537
title: "Bloom should preserve your registration"
description: "Bloom should preserve your registration"
issues:
  - [BL-14101](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-14101)
created: 2025-02-07
last-modified: 2025-06-19
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom 6.3 application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Other Collection button.
2. Verify 'Open/Create Collections' dialog opens.
3. Click 'Tamil Team Collections' book.
4. Verify Tamil Team Collections book opens.
5. Click the (?) button which appears at the top right corner of the bloom editor.
6. Verify the Help menu opens.
7. Click the 'Registration' option.
8. Verify the 'Register Bloom Alpha' dialog opens.
9. Enter 'Tester' in the First Name textbox.
10. Enter 'One' in the Surname textbox.
11. Enter 'Tester@eth.net' in the Email Address text box.
12. Enter 'TC Group' in the Organization text box.
13. Enter 'Testing' in the 'How are you using BloomAlpha?' text box.
14. Click the 'Register' button.
15. Click the Bloom Close button.
16. Verify the Bloom application is closed.
17. Double click on the Bloom Alpha icon from the Desktop.
18. Verify the 'Tamil Team Collections' book opens.
19. Click the (?) button which appears at the top right corner of the bloom editor.
20. Verify the Help menu opens.
21. Click the 'Check for New Version' option.
22. Verify the 'Update available' link button appears.
23. Click the 'Update available' link button.
24. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
25. Click the (?) button which appears at the top right corner of the bloom editor.
26. Verify the Help menu opens.
27. Click the 'Register' button.
28. Verify the registration details have been automatically migrated to this new version of Bloom.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete ‘Tamil Team Collection’ Book.
2. Close Bloom application.
