---
id: 538
title: "Handling of missing image  (BL-14241)"
description: "Handling of missing image"
issues: []
created: 2025-03-05
last-modified: 2025-09-23
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Basic book.
2. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
3. Enter 'Test Book' in the Front Cover title box.
4. Click the 'Change Image' button.
5. Verify the Image Toolbox opens.
6. Type 'car' in the search box.
7. Click the Search button.
8. Verify the Car image appears.
9. Click the Car image.
10. Click the OK button.
11. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
12. Click the Close (X) button which appears at the top right window.
13. Verify the Bloom application closes.
14. Press Ctrl+E keys.
15. Verify File Explorer window opens.
16. Click the Documents option from the left pane.
17. Verify the Documents Window opens.
18. Double click on the Bloom folder.
19. Verify the Basic book appears.
20. Double click on the Book Collection Folder.
21. Verify the Book Collection folder opens.
22. Double click on the Test Book Folder.
23. Verify the Test Book Folder opens.
24. Delete the Car image file. (eg., aor_jeep-1.PNG).
25. Close the Window.
26. Relaunch Bloom application.
27. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
28. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
29. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
30. Verify a broken image icon appears on the Front Cover picture pane.
31. Verify there is no Copyright icon appears on the 'missing image' front cover page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic book.
2. Close Bloom application.
