---
id: 539
title: "Remember last two source tabs"
description: "Remember last two source tabs"
issues:
  - [BL-14330](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-14330)
created: 2025-03-05
last-modified: 2025-09-23
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the 'Local Languages' change button.
5. Verify 'Choose Language' dialog box appears.
6. Enter 'ta' in the Search box.
7. Verify Tamil language bar appears.
8. Select Tamil language bar.
9. Verify Tamil Script bar appears.
10. Select Tamil Script bar.
11. Click the OK button.
12. Verify that 'தமிழ்(ta)' appears as the Local Language.
13. Click the 'National Languages' change button.
14. Verify 'Choose Language' dialog box appears.
15. Enter 'te' in the Search box.
16. Verify Telugu language bar appears.
17. Select the Telugu language bar.
18. Click the OK button.
19. Verify that 'తెలుగు (te) appears as the National Language.
20. Click the 'Restart' button.
21. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
4. Enter 'பாலம் யாருக்கு சொந்தம்' in the Front cover title box.
5. Click the Add page button.
6. Verify the Add page dialog.
7. Click the ‘Just Text’ template.
8. Click the Add Page button.
9. Verify the Text page added in the Edit view.
10. Click the language selector from the toolbar.
11. Select the second language (eg., telugu)
12. Hover the mouse over the text page.
13. Verify two language text boxes appear on the page.
14. Click the Tamil text box.
15. Enter "நீங்க ரெண்டு பேரும் அந்த பாலத்தை உங்க ஊருக்கு சொந்தம் கொண்டாடுறீங்க" in the text box.
16. Verify the Tamil text appears on the text box.
17. Click the Telugu text box.
18. Enter "ఒక ఊరి లో ప్రతి సంవత్సరం దేవుడిని ఊరేగింపు తీసుకెళ్లే సాంప్రదాయం ఉండేది." in the text box.
19. Verify the telugu text appears on the text box.
20. Click the Collections tab.
21. Click the Settings button.
22. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
23. Click the 'Local Languages' change button.
24. Verify 'Choose Language' dialog box appears.
25. Enter 'hi' in the Search box.
26. Verify Hindi language bar appears.
27. Click the Hindi language bar.
28. Click Devanagari(Nagari) Script box.
29. Click the OK button.
30. Verify that 'मानक हिन्दी (hi)' appears as the Local Language.
31. Click the 'National Language' change button.
32. Verify 'Choose Language' dialog box appears.
33. Enter 'en' in the Search box.
34. Click the OK button.
35. Verify that 'English(en)' appears as the National Language.
36. Click the 'Restart' button.
37. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
38. Click the 'EDIT THIS BOOK' button.
39. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
40. Click Page 1 thumbnail.
41. Verify empty text box appears on the page.
42. Verify Tamil and Telugu Source tabs (should be remembered) should appear on the page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic Book.
2. Close Bloom application.
