---
id: 54
title: "Spreadsheet Export and Import"
description: "Test case for Spreadsheet Export and Import (Experimental)"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-09
last-modified: 2025-07-29
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Settings button.
2. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
3. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
4. Type 'Test-727011-1339'in the Subscription code.
5. Click the Restart button.
6. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
7. Right-click on a book thumbnail which appears at the top left pane under Book Collections.
8. Verify the popup menu opens.
9. Click the 'More' option.
10. Verify the 'More' submenu opens.
11. Verify "Export to Spreadsheet..' option is active.
12. Verify "Import Content from Spreadsheet..' option is active.
13. Click the Settings button.
14. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
15. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
16. Delete the Subscription code.
17. Click the Restart button.
18. Verify bloom restarts immediately.
19. Right-click on a book thumbnail which appears at the top left pane under Book Collections.
20. Verify the popup menu opens.
21. Click the 'More' option.
22. Verify the 'More' submenu opens.
23. Verify "Export to Spreadsheet..' option is disabled.
24. Verify "Import Content from Spreadsheet..' option is disabled.
25. Click the 'Other Collection' button.
26. Verify 'Open/Create Collections' dialog opens.
27. Click a Valid Team Collection book (eg., A team collection book is already shared between two computers via SharedLocation / DropBox) option.
28. Verify the Team Collection Book opens.
29. Verify the 'Team Collection' button is enabled in the Standard Toolbar.
30. Click a book.
31. Verify there is a message "CHECK OUT BOOK" appeared at the bottom right corner of the Page.
32. Click the 'CHECK OUT BOOK' button.
33. Verify 'This book is checked out to you' message appears.
34. Right-click on a book thumbnail which appears at the top left pane under Book Collections.
35. Verify the popup menu opens.
36. Click the 'More' option.
37. Verify the 'More' submenu opens.
38. Verify "Export to Spreadsheet..' option is enabled.
39. Verify "Import Content from Spreadsheet..' option is enabled.
40. Click the 'CHECK IN BOOK' button..
41. Verify there is a message "This book is available for editing" appeared at the bottom right corner of the Page.
42. Right-click on a book thumbnail which appears at the top left pane under Book Collections.
43. Verify the popup menu opens.
44. Click the 'More' option.
45. Verify the 'More' submenu opens.
46. Verify "Export to Spreadsheet..' option is enabled.
47. Verify "Import Content from Spreadsheet..' option is disabled.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete Team Collection.
2. Close Bloom application.
