---
id: 541
title: "Failing to load a .bloomCollection results in a report including all files"
description: "Failing to load a .bloomCollection then restarting Bloom results in a report including all files in that directory"
issues:
  - [BL-13276](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-13276)
created: 2025-03-05
last-modified: 2025-09-23
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom Alpha build.

**Action Steps**

1. Close the Alpha build. (This makes it so the Alpha will be the channel which is run when opening a .bloomCollection file)
2. Press Ctrl+E keys.
3. Verify the File Explorer window opens.
4. Click the Documents option from the left pane.
5. Verify the Documents window opens.
6. Double click on the Bloom folder.
7. Verify the Bloom folder opens.
8. Right click on any one of the Bloom Book collection file names. (eg., North Ambrym Super Bible.BloomBookCollection)
9. Verify an option menu opens.
10. Click the 'Open With..' option.
11. Verify a submenu opens.
12. Click the 'Notepad' option.
13. Verify the file opens in the Notepad application.
14. Press Ctrl+A to select all.
15. Press the Delete key to delete all the contents.
16. Click the File menu.
17. Verify the file menu opens.
18. Click the Save option.
19. Verify the (corrupted) file is saved.
20. Verify the (corrupted) file size is changed to 1 KB. (or less)
21. Double click on the corrupted .Bloom Book collection file name
22. Verify BloomAlpha Problem dialog opens.
23. Click the Report button.
24. Verify another message 'Successfully reported issue:https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/youtrack/issue/BL-xxxxx)appears in the dialog with OK button.
25. Click the OK button.
26. Enter "https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/youtrack/issues" in the browser window.
27. Verify YouTrack opens.
28. Click the Issues option from the left pane.
29. Verify the newly created issue appears on the right pane.
30. Click on the Error Report link.
31. Verify the corrupt .bloomCollection file should appear in the attachments section.
32. Verify no other files from the same folder should show up in the attachments section.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the .BloomBook Collection.
2. Close Youtrack application.
3. Close Bloom application.
