---
id: 542
title: "Revamp BloomPUB Viewer Start Screen"
description: "Revamp BloomPUB Viewer Start Screen (BL-14161)"
issues:
  - [BL-14161](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-14161)
created: 2025-03-05
last-modified: 2025-10-06
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download a BloomPUB file  from bloomlibrary.org. (eg.,  "When God Made Everything” .BloomPUB file from the given link : https://bloomlibrary.org/book/7U7uQqpJ5s)
2. Download a BloomPUB file from bloomlibrary.org (eg.,  “Weeding” .BloomPUB file from the given link: https://bloomlibrary.org/language:en/book/gJ3HwtIj3O?lang=en )
3. Download a BloomPUB file from bloomlibrary.org (eg., "Mike and Spike" from the given link: https://bloomlibrary.org/language:en/book/WZ6Pp7y9Vp?lang=en)
4. Download a BloomPUB file from bloomlibrary.org (eg., "My Family" from the given link: https://bloomlibrary.org/language:en/book/faYeiaJiB0?lang=en )
5. Download BloomPUB file from bloomlibrary.org (eg., “Learning at Home” from the given link: https://bloomlibrary.org/player/a3SE0LfQFF )
6. Download some other BloomPUB files from bloomlibrary.org.
7. Delete the file bloompub-viewer-prefs.json (if it exists) from Users\<user>\AppData\Roaming\bloompub-viewer.
8. Download BloomPUB Viewer.exe  (Latest version) from the following link: https://bloomlibrary.org/page/resources/bloompub-viewer
9. Double click on the BloomPUB Viewer.exe file.
10. Verify BloomPUB Viewer file is executed and the application opens on the desktop.
11. Verify there is no banner for "Recent Books" listed and no book thumbnails.

**Action Steps**

1. Click" Choose BloomPUB book on this computer"
2. Verify "Open BloomPUB File" dialog opens.
3. Click the Downloads option from the left pane.
4. Verify the Downloads folder opens.
5. Select a BloomPUB book (e., 01 When God Made Everything)
6. Click the Open button.
7. Verify the book opens in the BloomPUB Viewer.
8. Navigate across different pages of the book.
9. Verify all is well.
10. Click the red three dots at the top left corner to "exit" and return to the start screen.
11. Verify there is now one book listed under "Recent Books"
12. Click the Same book under "Recent Books".
13. Verify the Book opens.
14. Click File > Start Screen.
15. Verify the program returns to the same start screen.
16. Click "Choose BloomPUB book on this computer".
17. Verify "Open BloomPUB File" dialog opens.
18. Click the Downloads option from the left pane.
19. Verify the Downloads folder opens.
20. Select a BloomPUB book (eg., Ake na Pamilya)
21. Click the Open button.
22. Verify the book opens in the BloomPUB Viewer.
23. Click the red three dots at the top left corner to "exit" and return to the start screen.
24. Verify there are two books listed under "Recent Books"
25. Click "Choose BloomPUB book on this computer".
26. Verify "Open BloomPUB File" dialog opens.
27. Click the Downloads option from the left pane.
28. Verify the Downloads folder opens.
29. Select a BloomPUB book (eg., Ọhẹhara)
30. Click the Open button.
31. Verify the book opens in the BloomPUB Viewer.
32. Click the red three dots at the top left corner to "exit" and return to the start screen.
33. Verify that the most recent book is listed first.
34. Repeat opening new books until that space is full (6 thumbnails) then return to start screen.
35. Click "Choose BloomPUB book on this computer".
36. Verify "Open BloomPUB File" dialog opens.
37. Click the Downloads option from the left pane.
38. Verify the Downloads folder opens.
39. Select a BloomPUB book (eg., B1 The Lord is My Shepherd- A5)
40. Click the Open button.
41. Verify the book opens in the BloomPUB Viewer.
42. Click the red three dots at the top left corner to "exit" and return to the start screen.
43. Verify that the lost book opened should be removed and the order of the thumbnails has shuffled.
44. Verify the first thumbnail (1st row, left most) is the most recent one.
45. Close BloomPUB Viewer.
46. Double-click on a BloomPUB Viewer icon from the desktop.
47. Verify the BloomPUB Viewer opens.
48. Press Ctrl+E to open the File Explorer window.
49. Click the Downloads option from the left pane.
50. Verify the Downloads folder opens.
51. Double-click on '01 When God Made Everything' BloomPUB book.
52. Verify 2nd instance of the program is opened.
53. Close one of the instances of the program.
54. Click the red three dots at the top left corner to "exit" and return to the start screen.
55. Click on any book thumbnail.
56. Verify the book opens.
57. Click the red three dots at the top left corner to "exit" and return to the start screen.
58. Click "Choose BloomPUB book on this computer".
59. Verify "Open BloomPUB File" dialog opens.
60. Click the Downloads option from the left pane.
61. Verify the Downloads folder opens.
62. Select a BloomPUB book (eg., Learning at Home)
63. Click the Open button.
64. Verify the book opens in the BloomPUB Viewer.
65. Turn to page 1.
66. Click on any hyperlink.
67. Verify the hyperlink works. (the other page opens).
68. Click on the top left red arrow.
69. Verify it returns to page 1.
70. Click the other link. (eg., Creating link)
71. Verify 'Creating' page opens.
72. Click a link from the page. (eg., Dance and Sing)
73. Verify that the corresponding page opens. (eg., Dance and Sing page)
74. Click on the top left red arrow button (twice)
75. Verify it returns to page 1.
76. Click the red three dots at the top left corner to "exit" and return to the start screen.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the downloaded books.
2. Uninstall the BloomPUB Viewer.
