---
id: 543
title: "Cursor lands on expected text box on initial page load"
description: "Cursor lands on expected text box on initial page load"
issues:
  - https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-14256
created: 2025-03-05
last-modified: 2025-10-06
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
10. Click the 'Other Collection' button.
11. Verify 'Open/Create Collections' dialog opens.
12. Click the 'Create New Collection' button.
13. Verify 'Create New Bloom Collection'  dialog opens.
14. Enter 'Tamil' in the Search box.
15. Verify Tamil language bar appears.
16. Click the Tamil language bar.
17. Verify 'Tamil' script box appears.
18. Click the 'Tamil' script box.
19. Click the Next button.
20. Verify Font and Script view appears.
21. Click the Next button.
22. Verify Give Language Location view appears.
23. Click the Next button.
24. Verify 'தமிழ் Books' appears as Collection Name.
25. Click the Next button.
26. Verify 'Ready to create New collection' pane appears.
27. Click the Finish button.
28. Verify a new collection 'தமிழ் Books' appears on the Collections view.
29. Download the Test book from (https://dev.bloomlibrary.org/my-books/book/2GN0oyirik) .
30. Verify the book opens in the Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the ‘MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE’ button.
2. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
3. Click Page 1. (or 2 note: page number sometimes varies)
4. Verify the cursor lands on the expected text box.
5. Verify the appropriate source bubbles are displayed.
6. Click Page 2.
7. Verify the cursor lands on the expected text box.
8. Verify the appropriate source bubbles are displayed.
9. Click Page 3.
10. Verify the cursor lands on the expected text box.
11. Verify the appropriate source bubbles are displayed.
12. Click Page 4.
13. Verify the cursor lands on the expected text box.
14. Verify the appropriate source bubbles are displayed.
15. Click Page 5.
16. Verify the cursor lands on the expected text box.
17. Verify the appropriate source bubbles are displayed.
18. Click Page 6.
19. Verify the cursor lands on the expected text box.
20. Verify the appropriate source bubbles are displayed.
21. Click Page 7.
22. Verify the cursor lands on the expected text box.
23. Verify the appropriate source bubbles are displayed.
24. Click Page 8.
25. Verify the cursor lands on the expected text box.
26. Verify the appropriate source bubbles are displayed.
27. Click Page 9.
28. Verify the cursor lands on the expected text box.
29. Verify the appropriate source bubbles are displayed.
30. Click Page 10.
31. Verify the cursor lands on the expected text box.
32. Verify the appropriate source bubbles are displayed.
33. Click Page 11.
34. Add some text in the main text box. (eg., paste மரியாதை ராமன் கதைகள் in the text box)
35. Navigate away from the page then back again.
36. Verify the added text appears on the text box.
37. Verify a source bubble is displayed on the picture.
38. Click Page 7.
39. Add some text to the text box on the lower left pane. (eg., paste மரியாதை ராமன் கதைகள் in the text box)
40. Navigate away from the page then back again.
41. Verify the added text appears on the text box.
42. Verify the cursor appears on the top right most pane.
43. Add some text to the top right text box. (e.g., paste ராமன் கதைகள் in the text box)
44. Navigate away from the page then back again.
45. Verify the cursor appears on the lower right most pane.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Test Book.
3. Close Bloom application.
