---
id: 544
title: "Source Bubble interaction with cursor and focus"
description: "Source Bubble interaction with cursor and focus"
issues:
  - https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-14256
created: 2025-03-05
last-modified: 2025-10-06
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
10. Click the 'Other Collection' button.
11. Verify 'Open/Create Collections' dialog opens.
12. Click the 'Create New Collection' button.
13. Verify 'Create New Bloom Collection'  dialog opens.
14. Enter 'Tamil' in the Search box.
15. Verify Tamil language bar appears.
16. Click the Tamil language bar.
17. Verify 'Tamil' script box appears.
18. Click the 'Tamil' script box.
19. Click the Next button.
20. Verify Font and Script view appears.
21. Click the Next button.
22. Verify Give Language Location view appears.
23. Click the Next button.
24. Verify 'தமிழ் Books' appears as Collection Name.
25. Click the Next button.
26. Verify 'Ready to create New collection' pane appears.
27. Click the Finish button.
28. Verify a new collection 'தமிழ் Books' appears on the Collections view.
29. Download the Test book from (https://dev.bloomlibrary.org/my-books/book/2GN0oyirik) .
30. Verify the book opens in the Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the ‘MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE’ button.
2. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
3. Click Page 3. (or 4 note: page number sometimes varies)
4. Click outside of the page.
5. Verify all full-width Source bubble displays.
6. Hover mouse over the page.
7. Verify all full-width source bubble displays.
8. Click inside a full-width textbox and keep mouse over.
9. Verify all full-width source bubble displays.
10. Move the mouse away from the text box.
11. Verify all full-width source bubbles continue to be displayed.
12. Click Page 4.
13. Click outside of the page.
14. Verify all full-width Source bubble displays.
15. Hover mouse over the page.
16. Verify all full-width source bubble displays.
17. Click inside a full-width textbox and keep mouse over.
18. Verify all full-width source bubble displays.
19. Move the mouse away from the text box.
20. Verify all full-width source bubbles continue to be displayed.
21. Click Page 5.
22. Click outside of the page.
23. Verify all full-width Source bubble displays.
24. Hover mouse over the page.
25. Verify all full-width source bubble displays.
26. Click inside a full-width textbox and keep mouse over.
27. Verify all full-width source bubble displays.
28. Move the mouse away from the text box.
29. Verify all full-width source bubbles continue to be displayed.
30. Click Page 6.
31. Click outside of the page.
32. Verify all full-width Source bubble displays.
33. Hover mouse over the page.
34. Verify all full-width source bubble displays.
35. Click inside a full-width textbox and keep mouse over.
36. Verify all full-width source bubble displays.
37. Move the mouse away from the text box.
38. Verify all full-width source bubbles continue to be displayed.
39. Click Page 8.
40. Click outside of the page.
41. Verify all full-width Source bubble displays.
42. Hover mouse over the page.
43. Verify all full-width source bubble displays.
44. Click inside a full-width textbox and keep mouse over.
45. Verify all full-width source bubble displays.
46. Move the mouse away from the text box.
47. Verify all full-width source bubbles continue to be displayed.
48. Click Page 1.
49. Click outside of the page.
50. Verify no Source bubble displays.
51. Hover mouse over the page.
52. Verify no Source bubble displays.
53. Click into any text box or caption.
54. Verify that Source bubble displays. (but no other)
55. Hover away from the page.
56. Verify that the Source bubble continues to display. (but no other)
57. Click Page 2.
58. Click outside of the page.
59. Verify no Source bubble displays.
60. Hover mouse over the page.
61. Verify no Source bubble displays.
62. Click into any text box or caption.
63. Verify that Source bubble displays. (but no other)
64. Hover away from the page.
65. Verify that the Source bubble continues to display. (but no other)
66. Click Page 7.
67. Click outside of the page.
68. Verify no Source bubble displays.
69. Hover mouse over the page.
70. Verify no Source bubble displays.
71. Click into any text box or caption.
72. Verify that Source bubble displays. (but no other)
73. Hover away from the page.
74. Verify that the Source bubble continues to display. (but no other)
75. Click Page 9.
76. Click outside of the page.
77. Verify no Source bubble displays.
78. Hover mouse over the page.
79. Verify no Source bubble displays.
80. Click into any text box or caption.
81. Verify that Source bubble displays. (but no other)
82. Hover away from the page.
83. Verify that the Source bubble continues to display. (but no other)
84. Click Page 10.
85. Click outside of the page.
86. Verify no Source bubble displays.
87. Hover mouse over the page.
88. Verify no Source bubble displays.
89. Click into any text box or caption.
90. Verify that Source bubble displays. (but no other)
91. Hover away from the page.
92. Verify that the Source bubble continues to display. (but no other)
93. Click Page 11.
94. Click outside of the page.
95. Verify no Source bubble displays.
96. Hover mouse over the page.
97. Verify no Source bubble displays.
98. Click into any text box or caption.
99. Verify that Source bubble displays. (but no other)
100. Hover away from the page.
101. Verify that the Source bubble continues to display. (but no other)

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Test Book.
3. Close Bloom application.
