---
id: 545
title: "New language picker"
description: "New language picker - BL-13703"
issues:
  - [BL-13703](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-13703)
created: 2025-03-28
last-modified: 2025-09-23
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the 'Other Collection' button.
2. Verify Open/Create Collections dialog opens.
3. Click the Create New Collection button.
4. Verify Create New Bloom Collection dialog opens.
5. Verify 'Choose the main language for this collection' view appears.
6. Type 'ladino' in the Search box.
7. Verify the Ladino language box opens.
8. Select 'Ladino' language bar.
9. Verify three script boxes appear under the language bar.
10. Click the 'Hebrew' Script box.
11. Verify 'lad' language code appears.
12. Click the 'Cyrillic' Script box.
13. Verify 'lad-Cyrl' appears under the script card.
14. Click the 'Latin' script card.
15. Verify 'lad-Latn' appears under the script card.
16. Type 'Cree' in the search bar.
17. Verify the first entry is the language named Cree, code cr.
18. Scroll down the list box.
19. Verify the language 'Moose Cree' appears on the list.
20. Verify the language 'Swampy Cree' appears under 'Moose Cree' language bar.
21. Verify the language 'Michif' appears under 'Sampy Cree' language bar.
22. Verify the language 'Mvskoke' appears under 'Michif' language bar.
23. Type 'lad'(Search by Code name) in the Search box.
24. Verify the Ladino language box opens.
25. Type 'turkey' (Search by Country name) in the Search box.
26. Verify the country name appears in the language box.
27. Verify the horizontal scroll bar never appears.
28. Type Search by name 'ladino' in the Search box.
29. Verify the Ladino language box opens.
30. Click the Ladino language box.
31. Click the 'Hebrew' Script box.
32. Click the Next button.
33. Verify Font and Script page opens.
34. Click the Back button.
35. Verify 'Choose the main language for this collection' view appears.
36. Click the (x) button in the Search box.
37. Verify the typed word 'ladino' is deleted.
38. Enter 'French' in the Search box.
39. Verify francais language bar appears.
40. Click the (x) button in the Search box.
41. Verify the typed word 'French' is deleted.
42. Enter 'Tamil' in the Search box.
43. Verify Tamil language bar appears.
44. Click the Tamil language bar.
45. Verify there are three script options that appear under the language bar.
46. Select Tamil script box.
47. Click the Next button.
48. Click the Cancel button.
49. Verify Create New Bloom Collection dialog closes.
50. Click the (x) button in the Search box.
51. Verify Open/Create Collections dialog closes.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Close Bloom application.
