---
id: 546
title: "Image Only Cover setting"
description: "Image Only Cover setting"
issues:
  - https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-13271
created: 2025-03-28
last-modified: 2025-09-23
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the 'Bloom Subscription' tab.
5. Verify there is no Subscription code appearing in the text box.
6. Click the OK button.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
4. Enter 'Test Book' in the Front Cover title box.
5. Click the 'Change Image' button.
6. Verify the Image Toolbox opens.
7. Type 'car' in the search box.
8. Click the Search button.
9. Verify the Car image appears.
10. Click the Car image.
11. Click the OK button.
12. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
13. Click the Book Settings button.
14. Verify the Book Settings dialog opens.
15. Click the Cover tab.
16. Verify the Cover page opens.
17. Verify that the 'Fill the front cover with a single image' option is greyed out.
18. Click the OK button.
19. Verify the Book Settings dialog closes.
20. Click the Collections tab.
21. Verify the Collections view appears.
22. Click the Settings button.
23. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
24. Click the 'Bloom Subscription' tab.
25. Verify there is no Subscription code appearing in the text box.
26. Enter “A-Happy-Group-of-Devs-LC-005941-9332’ as the Subscription code.
27. Click the Restart button.
28. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
29. Click the ‘EDIT THIS BOOK’ button.
30. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
31. Click the Book Settings button.
32. Verify the Book Settings dialog opens.
33. Click the Cover tab.
34. Verify the Cover page opens.
35. Verify that the 'Fill the front cover with a single image' option is still greyed out.
36. Click the OK button.
37. Verify the Book Settings dialog closes.
38. Click the Collections tab.
39. Verify the Collections view appears.
40. Click the Settings button.
41. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
42. Click the 'Bloom Subscription' tab.
43. Verify there is no Subscription code appearing in the text box.
44. Enter “Test-727011-1339’ as the Subscription code.
45. Click the Restart button.
46. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
47. Click the ‘EDIT THIS BOOK’ button.
48. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
49. Click the Book Settings button.
50. Verify the Book Settings dialog opens.
51. Click the Cover tab.
52. Verify the Cover page opens.
53. Verify that the 'Fill the front cover with a single image' option is now available.
54. Select the check box near ‘Fill the front cover with a single image' option.
55. Click the OK button.
56. Verify the image fully appears on the Front cover page.
57. Click the Book Settings button.
58. Verify the Book Settings dialog opens.
59. Click the Cover tab.
60. Verify the Cover page opens.
61. De-select the check box near ‘Fill the front cover with a single image' option.
62. Click the OK button.
63. Verify that the front cover returns to normal.
64. Click the Collections tab.
65. Verify the Collections view appears.
66. Click the Settings button.
67. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
68. Click the 'Bloom Subscription' tab.
69. Delete the Subscription code.
70. Click the Restart button.
71. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
72. Click the ‘EDIT THIS BOOK’ button.
73. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
74. Verify that the front cover appears to be normal.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic book.
2. Close Bloom application.
