---
id: 547
title: "Bloom is trying to read a .docx file as a .bloomcollection file"
description: "Bloom is trying to read a .docx file as a .bloomcollection file BL-12929"
issues:
  - [BL-12929](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-12929)
created: 2025-03-28
last-modified: 2025-10-08
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book under Templates.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
4. Click the Add Page button.
5. Verify Add Page dialog opens.
6. Select the 'Basic Text & Picture' template.
7. Click the Add Page button.
8. Verify the 'Basic Text & Picture' page is added.
9. Click the hamburger button.
10. Verify the TBT menu opens.
11. Verify the text in the text pane gets highlighted.
12. Click the Advanced button in the TBT menu.
13. Click the "Import Recording..." button under "By Whole Text Box" option.
14. Verify 'Choose Audio File' dialog opens.
15. Click the Downloads option from the left pane.
16. Verify the Downloads folder opens.
17. Verify there is no file with .odt extension in the folder. (expected)
18. Click the Cancel button.
19. Click 'More' option
20. Verify 'More' option menu opens.
21. Click the 'Music Tool' check box.
22. Verify the Music Tool menu opens.
23. Click the 'Start new music' radio button.
24. Click the 'Choose' link button.
25. Verify 'Open' dialog appears.
26. Click the Downloads option from the left pane.
27. Verify the Downloads folder opens.
28. Verify there is no document file appearing in the folder. (expected)
29. Click the Cancel button.
30. Click 'More' option
31. Verify 'More' option menu opens.
32. Click the 'Overlay Tool' check box.
33. Verify the Overlay Tool menu opens.
34. Drag the Video Overlay on the Picture pane.
35. Drop the Video Overlay on the Picture pane.
36. Click 'More' option
37. Verify 'More' option menu opens.
38. Click the 'Sign Language Tool' check box.
39. Verify the Sign Language Tool menu opens.
40. Click the 'Advanced' button.
41. Verify the Advanced menu opens.
42. Click the 'Import' button.
43. Verify the 'Open' dialog opens.
44. Click the Downloads option from the left pane.
45. Verify the Downloads folder opens.
46. Verify there is no document file appearing in the folder. (expected)
47. Click the Cancel button.
48. Click on the text pane.
49. Click 'More' option
50. Verify 'More' option menu opens.
51. Select the Decodable Reader Tool.
52. Verify the Decodable Reader tool menu opens.
53. Turn on 'Book is not Decodable' option
54. Verify Stage 1 of 1 appears on the menu.
55. Click the Setup Stages link.
56. Verify Setup Decodable Reader Tool dialog opens.
57. Click the 'Sample Words' tab.
58. Click the 'Sample Texts' link button.
59. Verify it opens the Sample Text folder.
60. Verify nothing should be shown on the Open dialog.
61. Click the Add Page button.
62. Verify Add Page dialog opens.
63. Click the Widget Page template under Games Pages.
64. Click the Add page button.
65. Verify the Widget page is added.
66. Click the Choose Widget button.
67. Verify the Open Folder dialog opens.
68. Click the Downloads option from the left pane.
69. Verify the Downloads folder opens.
70. Verify there is no document file appearing in the folder. (expected)
71. Click the Cancel button.
72. Click the Add Page button.
73. Verify Add Page dialog opens.
74. Click the 'Choose Image from Word' template under Games pages.
75. Click the Add Page button.
76. Verify the 'Choose Image from Word' page is added.
77. Select the first image box.
78. Click the 'Change Image' button.
79. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
80. Click the File button.
81. Verify 'Choose Picture File' dialog opens.
82. Verify no document file should be shown on the Open Folder. (expected)

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Basic book.
3. Close Bloom application.
