---
id: 548
title: "Can't publish to video when book has audio"
description: "[6.1 regression] can't publish to video when book has audio"
issues:
  - https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-14227
created: 2025-03-28
last-modified: 2025-09-23
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
10. Download ‘Fruits’  audio book from the given link:  "https://bloomlibrary.org/language:en/book/p0jt6tcGuP?lang=en"
11. Verify the book opens in the Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button.
2. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
3. Click the Publish tab.
4. Click the Audio or Video button.
5. Verify Publish as Audio or Video page opens.
6. Click the ‘Options’ dropdown list box.
7. Verify 'Facebook' format is already selected by default.
8. Click the Preview button.
9. Verify Creating Digital Book dialog opens.
10. Click the Close button.
11. Verify Creating Digital Book dialog closes.
12. Click the RECORD button.
13. Verify 'Recording in Progress..' dialog appears.
14. Verify the Processing Video dialog opens.
15. Click on the Close button.
16. Verify the Processing Video dialog closes.
17. Click the PLAY RECORDING  button.
18. Verify the book opens in the Media player.
19. Verify the Video plays with audio.
20. Click the Close button.
21. Verify the Media player closes.
22. Click on the Format list box.
23. Verify the list box opens.
24. Select‘Youtube’ format option.
25. Click the Preview button.
26. Verify ‘Creating Digital book’ dialog opens.
27. Click the Close button.
28. Verify ‘Creating Digital book’ dialog closes.
29. Click the RECORD button.
30. Verify 'Processing Video' dialog appears.
31. Click the Close button.
32. Verify the Processing Video dialog closes.
33. Click the PLAY RECORDING  button.
34. Verify the book opens in the Media player.
35. Verify the Video plays with audio.
36. Click the Close button.
37. Verify the Media player closes.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Fruit audio book.
3. Close Bloom application.
