---
id: 549
title: "Adjust Timings Tool"
description: "Adjust Timings Tool"
issues:
  - https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-12953
created: 2025-03-28
last-modified: 2025-10-08
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
10. Click the Settings button.
11. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
12. Click the 'Change' link button under Local Language.
13. Verify the Choose Language dialog opens.
14. Enter 'Tamil' in the Search box.
15. Verify  Tamil language bar appears.
16. Click the Tamil language bar.
17. Verify 'Tamil' Script box appears.
18. Click the Tamil script box.
19. Click the OK button.
20. Verify தமிழ் (ta) appears under the Local Language heading.
21. Verify English (en) language already appears under the National language.
22. Click the 'Set' link button under Regional Language.
23. Verify the Choose Language dialog opens.
24. Enter 'hindi' in the Search box.
25. Verify  Hindi language bar appears.
26. Click the Hindi language bar.
27. Verify 'Devanagari(Nagari)' Script box appears.
28. Click the Devanagari(Nagari) script box.
29. Click the OK button.
30. Verify मानक हिन्दी (hi) appears under the Regional Language heading.
31. Click the Restart button.
32. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click 'A family Learns about Immunisations' shell book under Sample Shells.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
4. Click Page 3.
5. Paste the "ஒரு நாட்ட ஆண்டுகிட்டு வந்த ராஜா ரெண்டு கிராமங்களுக்கு நடுவுல ஓடுன ஆத்துக்கு நடுவுல ஒரு பாலத்தை கட்டுனாரு" text in the text pane.
6. Click the Hamburger button.
7. Verify the TBT menu opens.
8. Verify the sentence gets highlighted.
9. Press and hold the 3)Speak button.
10. Record "oru naata aandukitu vantha raja rendu kiramangaluku naduvula oduna aathuku naduvula oru paalathai kattunaaru" using a microphone.
11. Verify the 4)Check button is enabled.
12. Verify the Adjust Timings button is enabled.
13. Click the "Adjust Timings" button.
14. Verify the Adjust Timings dialog opens.
15. Click the OK button.
16. Verify the text now displays three shades of blue, indicating the text has been split.
17. Click "5) Adjust Timings"
18. Click More option.
19. Verify Aeneas is greyed out.
20. Click outside of the "more" options dialog.
21. Verify the "more" options close.
22. Slide a couple of the red dividers to change the split.
23. Click the OK button.
24. Click "5) Adjust Timings"
25. Click More
26. Verify an option menu opens.
27. Click 'Edit Timings File..' option.
28. Verify 'localhost:8089..'dialog opens.
29. Click the OK button.
30. Verify the timings have been displayed in the notepad app.
31. Click the Close button of the notepad.
32. Slide a couple of the red dividers to change the split.
33. Click the OK button.
34. Click "5) Adjust Timings"
35. Click More
36. Verify an option menu opens.
37. Click 'Edit Timings File..' option.
38. Verify 'localhost:8089..'dialog opens.
39. Click the OK button.
40. Verify timings have been adjusted.
41. Click the Close button.
42. Verify the Notepad app is closed.
43. Click More
44. Verify an option menu opens.
45. Click 'Re-run pause-based timing guesses' option
46. Verify the red timing divisions have returned to their previous state.
47. Close Bloom.
48. Enter "https://github.com/sillsdev/aeneas-installer/releases/download/v1.7.3/aeneas-windows-setup-1.7.3.exe" in the browser window.
49. Verify the aeneas-windows-setup-1.7.3.exe file is downloaded.
50. Install Aeneas using aeneas-windows-setup-1.7.3.exe file.
51. Relaunch Bloom application.
52. Click the 'EDIT THIS BOOK' button.
53. Verify the same page opens. (eg., Page 3)
54. Click the Adjust Timings option under TBT menu.
55. Verify Adjust Timings dialog opens.
56. Click the More option.
57. Verify Aeneas option is enabled.
58. Click 'Use Aeneas to guess timings' option.
59. Verify that it erases any changes previously made to this audio file.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the 'A family Learns about Immunisations’ book.
3. Uninstall Aeneas app.
4. Close Bloom application.
