---
id: 55
title: "Audio Segmenting"
description: "Test case for Audio Segmenting"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-09
last-modified: 2025-10-28
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application

**Action Steps**

1. Click a basic book.
2. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button which appears in the right pane.
3. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button.
4. Verify the Book opens in the Edit view.
5. Click the Add page button.
6. Verify the Add page dialog opens.
7. Select 'Just Text' template page.
8. Click the Add page button.
9. Verify the Just Text page is added.
10. Enter "People like pictures of beaches with footprints" in the Text pane.
11. Click the 3 line buttons which appear at the top right corner of the window.
12. Verify the Talking Book Tool menu opens.
13. Verify the whole sentence has been selected and appear in yellow color.
14. Click the Advanced button.
15. Verify the 'Insert Segment Marker' option appears.
16. Verify 'By Whole Text Box' Recording Mode is selected by default under the Recording Mode.
17. Click before the word 'beaches' from the selected sentence.
18. Click the 'Insert Segment Marker' button.
19. Verify there is a segment line created between the sentences.
20. Click the Collections tab.
21. Right-Click on the book thumbnail.
22. Verify there is a popup menu.
23. Click the 'More' option.
24. Verify the 'More' submenu opens.
25. Click 'Export to Spreadsheet..'
26. Verify 'Export to Spreadsheet...' dialog opens.
27. Click the 'Export' button.
28. Verify 'Exporting dialog' flashes on the screen.
29. Verify that the BloomBook is opened in the SpreadSheet.
30. Verify the Segment marker still appears before the word 'beaches' in the sentence.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic book.
2. Close Bloom application.
