---
id: 550
title: "BloomReader should open external links in your default browser"
description: "BloomReader should open external links in your default browser (BL-13804)"
issues:
  - [BL-13804](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-13804)
created: 2025-04-11
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Connect the Android Mobile to the computer via USB cable.
2. Tap the ‘Play Store’ application in the Android Mobile.
3. Verify the Play Store application opens.
4. Type ‘Bloom Reader’ in the Search bar.
5. Verify the ‘Bloom Reader application appears in the application list.
6. Click the “Install’ button.
7. Click the ‘Open’ button.
8. Verify the Bloom Reader application opens in the Mobile device.
9. Launch Bloom application
10. Click the Settings button.
11. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
12. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
13. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
14. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
15. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
16. Click the Restart button.
17. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Download the laniña.BloomPUB file (attached in this issue) from the given link: https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/youtrack/issue/BL-13804/
2. Verify laniña.BloomPUB file is downloaded on the computer.
3. Copy the laniña.BloomPUB file from the downloads folder.
4. Open File Manager in the Android Mobile device.
5. Paste laniña.BloomPUB file in the File Manager folder.
6. Tap Bloom Reader App in the Mobile.
7. Click the Hamburger icon.
8. Verify a menu opens.
9. Tap the ‘Open BloomPUB file’ option.
10. Verify the File manager folder opens.
11. Tap on the laniña.BloomPUB file.
12. Verify the laniña book opens in the landscape view.
13. Tap on ‘SIL.ORG Back Cover’ link.
14. Verify the sil.org  web page opens.
15. Click the Back Cover link.
16. Verify the Back cover page appears.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Disconnect the USB Cable from the Android Mobile.
2. Uninstall Bloom Reader in the Android Mobile.
3. Delete the Subscription code.
4. Delete the laniña.BloomPUB file.
5. Close Bloom application.
