---
id: 551
title: "Game images can't handle mp3 file names with upper case letters"
description: "Game images can't handle mp3 file names with upper case letters"
issues:
  - https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-14429
created: 2025-04-11
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download Sample MP3 file from the given link: https://download.samplelib.com/mp3/sample-3s.mp3
2. Right click on the ‘sample-3s.mp3’ file name.
3. Verify a popup menu appears.
4. Click the Rename option.
5. Type ‘Sample3’ in the edit box.
6. Press the Enter key.
7. Verify the mp3 file name is changed to Sample3.mp3.
8. Launch Bloom application
9. Click the Settings button.
10. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
11. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
12. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
13. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
14. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
15. Click the Restart button.
16. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click an eBook under Templates heading.
2. Verify 'Make a Book using this Source' button appears on the right pane.
3. Click the 'Make a Book using this Source' button.
4. Verify it opens in the edit mode.
5. Enter ‘MP3 Book’ in the Front cover title box.
6. Click the Add Page button.
7. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
8. Click the 'Drag Image to Targets'  template.
9. Click the Add page button.
10. Verify the 'Drag Image to Targets' page is added.
11. Click on the first Image object.
12. Verify the option tool box appears under the Image object.
13. Click the ellipse button.
14. Verify option menu appears.
15. Select 'None' option.
16. Verify a Submenu opens.
17. Select 'Choose' option.
18. Verify 'Choose Sound File' dialog opens.
19. Click the Downloads option. (from the left pane).
20. Verify the Downloads window opens. (on the right pane.)
21. Select 'Sample3' mp3 file.
22. Click the 'Open' button.
23. Click the ellipse button.
24. Verify option menu appears.
25. Verify 'Sample3' option appears in the menu.
26. Select 'Sample3' option.
27. Verify a Submenu opens.
28. Verify 'Sample3' option appears in the Submenu.
29. Click outside of the option menu.
30. Verify the option menu closes.
31. Click the Collections tab.
32. Verify the Collections view appears.
33. Right click on 'MP3 Book' thumbnail. (which appears at the top left pane)
34. Verify a context menu opens.
35. Click the 'Show in File Explorer' option.
36. Verify the book collection folder opens.
37. Double click on the MP3 Book folder.
38. Verify the MP3 Book folder opens.
39. Double click on the 'audio' folder.
40. Verify the 'audio' folder opens.
41. Verify 'Sample' mp3 file appears in the folder.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Sample3 audio file.
2. Delete the Subscription code.
3. Delete the eBook.
4. Close Bloom application.
