---
id: 552
title: "he picture box does not get inserted after clicking the 'Picture' link button while using the Change Layout control"
description: "[6.2 regression] The picture box does not get inserted after clicking the 'Picture' link button while using the Change Layout control"
issues:
  - [BL-14464](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-14464)
created: 2025-04-11
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Basic book. (or any size)
2. Verify 'Make a Book using this Source' button appears on the right pane.
3. Click the 'Make a Book using this Source' button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
5. Click the Add Page button.
6. Verify Add Page dialog opens.
7. Click the 'Custom' page.
8. Click the Add Page button.
9. Verify the Custom Page is added.
10. Click the toggle switch to turn on the Change Layout control.
11. Hover the mouse over the page.
12. Verify the + button appears on the page.
13. Click the + button.
14. Verify 'Picture, Video,Text, or HTML Widget' link button appears.
15. Click on the "Picture" link.
16. Verify the picture box gets inserted in the edit view.
17. Turn off the Change Layout button.
18. Verify the Picture box appears on the page.
19. Click the Add Page button.
20. Verify Add Page dialog opens.
21. Click the 'Custom' page.
22. Click the Add Page button.
23. Verify the Custom Page is added.
24. Click the toggle switch to turn on the Change Layout control.
25. Hover the mouse over the page.
26. Verify the + button appears on the page.
27. Click the + button.
28. Verify 'Picture, Video,Text, or HTML Widget' link button appears.
29. Click on the "Video" link.
30. Verify the Video box gets inserted in the edit view.
31. Turn off the Change Layout button.
32. Verify the Video object appears on the page.
33. Click the Add Page button.
34. Verify Add Page dialog opens.
35. Click the 'Custom' page.
36. Click the Add Page button.
37. Verify the Custom Page is added.
38. Click the toggle switch to turn on the Change Layout control.
39. Click on the "Text" link.
40. Verify the Text box box gets inserted in the edit view.
41. Turn off the Change Layout button.
42. Verify the Text box object appears on the page.
43. Click the Add Page button.
44. Verify Add Page dialog opens.
45. Click the 'Custom' page.
46. Click the Add Page button.
47. Verify the Custom Page is added.
48. Click the toggle switch to turn on the Change Layout control.
49. Click on the "Widget" link.
50. Verify the Widget box gets inserted in the edit view.
51. Turn off the Change Layout button.
52. Verify the Widget object appears on the page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic book.
2. Close Bloom application.
