---
id: 553
title: "Fix order of customCollection styles vs appearance.css"
description: "[6.0] Fix order of customCollection styles vs appearance.css"
issues:
  - [BL-14467](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-14467)
created: 2025-04-11
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click ‘The Moon and the Cap’ shell book under Sample Shells heading.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the Edit View.
4. Verify the page layout appears with A5 Portrait size.
5. Click the Collections tab.
6. Verify the Collections view opens.
7. Right click on the 'The Moon and the Cap' book thumbnail.
8. Verify a context menu opens.
9. Click the 'Show File in Explorer' option.
10. Verify the book opens in the Explorer window.
11. Double click on the 'The Moon and the Cap' folder.
12. Verify the 'The Moon and the Cap' folder opens.
13. Right click on the 'customCollectionStyles.css' file.
14. Verify a popup menu opens.
15. Click the 'Open with..' option menu.
16. Verify the Submenu appears.
17. Click the 'Notepad' option.
18. Verify the css file opens in the Notepad editor.
19. Type ".bloom-page { --page-gutter: 50mm; }".
20. Type ".numberedPage:after { --pageNumber-bottom: 20mm; }".
21. Click the File menu.
22. Verify the file menu opens.
23. Click the Save option.
24. Verify the .css file is saved.
25. Click the Close button of the Bloom application.
26. Relaunch Bloom application.
27. Verify the Bloom application gets restarted.
28. Click the 'EDIT THIS BOOK' button.
29. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
30. Verify the book appears in the A5 Portrait mode with changes.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete’ The Moon and the Cap’ book.
2. Close Bloom application.
