---
id: 556
title: "Pasting image into Overlay doesn't automatically size to fit"
description: "[6.2] pasting image into Overlay doesn't automatically size to fit"
issues:
  - https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-14100
created: 2025-04-17
last-modified: 2025-10-24
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download the blue square box from the given link : https://www.iconsdb.com/blue-icons/square-icon.html#google_vignette
2. Download a landscape picture from the given link: https://pixabay.com/images/search/landscape%20orientation/
3. Download a Square shaped picture from the given link : https://pixabay.com/vectors/frame-leaves-watercolor-background-4822807/
4. Download a Portrait orientation picture from the given link : https://pixabay.com/photos/baby-boy-portrait-happy-kid-child-390555/
5. Launch Bloom application
6. Click the Settings button.
7. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
8. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
9. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
10. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
11. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
12. Click the Restart button.
13. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click an eBook under Templates.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book open in the Edit view.
4. Click the Add Page button.
5. Verify Add Page dialog opens.
6. Click the 'Custom Game' template under Games Pages.
7. Click the Add Page button.
8. Verify the Custom Game page is added.
9. Verify the Game Tool menu appears on the rightmost pane.
10. Drag Image Overlay container (under Objects that do no Move) onto the page.
11. Drag Image Overlay container (under Objects that do no Move) onto the page.
12. Drag Image Overlay container (under Objects that do no Move) onto the page.
13. Verify there are three Image Overlay containers appearing on the page.
14. Place them side by side (almost touching on the three outer images).
15. Open the blue square box.png file in a Paint application.
16. Copy the blue square box.
17. Click on the first Image Overlay container. (i.e., the left most overlay)
18. Press Ctrl+V keys.
19. Verify the first Image Overlay is filled up with a blue square box.
20. Click on the third Image Overlay container. (i.e., the right most overlay)
21. Press Ctrl+V keys.
22. Verify the third Image Overlay is filled up with a blue square box.
23. Click on the Page 1 thumbnail.
24. Right click on Page 1 thumbnail.
25. Verify a context menu opens.
26. Click the 'Duplicate Page Many Times..' option.
27. Verify Duplicate Page Many Times dialog box opens.
28. Click on the number box.
29. Enter '3' on the number box.
30. Click the OK button.
31. Verify the three more duplicated pages are added.
32. Open the Portrait image in a Paint application.
33. Copy the Portrait image.
34. Click Page 1 in the Bloom Editor.
35. Click the Middle Image Overlay.
36. Verify the Image toolbutton appears at the bottom of the overlay.
37. Click the 'Paste Image' button.
38. Verify the portrait image stays with the same height.
39. Verify the portrait image width shrinks.
40. Verify the resulting overlay in the middle should not overlap onto the two overlays on the left and right.
41. Open the Square image in a Paint application.
42. Copy the Square image.
43. Click Page 2 in the Bloom Editor.
44. Click the Middle Image Overlay.
45. Verify the Image toolbutton appears at the bottom of the overlay.
46. Click the 'Paste Image' button.
47. Verify the Overlay Image container changes its orientation to match the image
48. Verify the dimensions (height and/or width) of the resulting Overlay are not bigger than the initial empty Overlay
49. Open the Landscape image in a Paint application.
50. Copy the Landscape image.
51. Click Page 3 in the Bloom Editor.
52. Click the Middle Image Overlay.
53. Verify the Image toolbutton appears at the bottom of the overlay.
54. Click the 'Paste Image' button.
55. Verify the Overlay Image container changes its orientation to match the image
56. Verify the dimensions (height and/or width) of the resulting Overlay are not bigger than the initial empty Overlay

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the eBook.
3. Close Bloom application.
