---
id: 557
title: "Generalize Subscriptions, prepare for \"Tiers\""
description: "[6.1] Generalize Subscriptions, prepare for \"Tiers\" (BL-14379)"
issues:
  - [BL-14379](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-14379)
created: 2025-04-17
last-modified: 2025-10-17
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Settings button.
2. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
3. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
4. Verify the Subscription code is empty.
5. Verify a Blue note box appears at the bottom.
6. Paste "Test-727011-1339" in the Subscription code.
7. Click the Restart button.
8. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
9. Verify "Using Enterprise subscription for Test. Expires 1/1/4000" label appears below the Collections tab.
10. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
11. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
12. Paste "Adele-Community-Project-LC-006203-3545" in the Subscription code.
13. Verify the Tier name is  "Tier: Local Community" appears under Subscription code.
14. Verify a Local Community logo appears on the description pane.
15. Click the Restart button.
16. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
17. Verify "Using Local Community subscription for Adele-Community-Project" label appears below the Collections tab.
18. Click the Settings button.
19. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
20. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
21. Paste "WorldVision(International)-006053-3468" in the Subscription code.
22. Verify the Tier name is  "Tier: Enterprise" appears under Subscription code.
23. Verify a World Vision logo appears on the description pane.
24. Click the Restart button.
25. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
26. Verify "Using Enterprise subscription for WorldVision(International)" label appears below the Collections tab.
27. Click the Settings button.
28. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
29. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
30. Delete the Subscription.
31. Verify the Subscription code is empty.
32. Verify a Blue note box appears at the bottom.
33. Click the Restart button.
34. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
35. Click 'The Moon and the Cap' Shell book under Sample Shells.
36. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
37. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
38. Click Page 1.
39. Click the Hamburger button.
40. Verify the TBT menu opens.
41. Click the Advanced button.
42. Verify 'By Sentence' is selected by default.
43. Click on the Subscription icon near the 'By Whole Text Box' button.
44. Verify "Bloom Subscription Feature' dialog appears.
45. Click the Close button.
46. Click the More..option which appears under the TBT menu.
47. Verify the More.. menu opens.
48. Verify Motion Tool appears with the Subscription icon.
49. Verify Music Tool appears with the Subscription icon.
50. Verify Overlay Tool appears with the Subscription icon.
51. Select the Motion Tool Check box.
52. Verify "This feature requires a Bloom subscription tier of at least "Pro"” message appears with Bloom Subscription button.
53. Click the More..option.
54. Verify the More..menu opens.
55. Select the Music Tool Check box.
56. Verify "This feature requires a Bloom subscription tier of at least "Pro"" message appears with Bloom Subscription button.
57. Click the More..option.
58. Verify the More..menu opens.
59. Select the Overlay Tool Check box.
60. Verify "This feature requires a Bloom subscription tier of at least "Pro"" message appears with Bloom Subscription button.
61. Click the Close button.
62. Verify the More...menu closes.
63. Click the Add Page button.
64. Verify the Add Page...dialog opens.
65. Click any template under Games Pages.
66. Verify "This feature requires a Bloom subscription tier of at least "Pro"" message appears with Bloom Subscription button.
67. Click any template under Paper Comic Book Pages.
68. Verify "This feature requires a Bloom subscription tier of at least "Pro"" message appears with Bloom Subscription button.
69. Click the Comic template page under Digital Comic Book Pages.
70. Verify "This feature requires a Bloom subscription tier of at least "Pro"" message appears with Bloom Subscription button.
71. Click the Close button.
72. Click the Book Settings button from the toolbar.
73. Verify Book Settings dialog opens.
74. Click the Cover tab.
75. Verify the Checkbox is disabled under "Fill the front cover with a single image" under Front Cover.
76. Verify a Subscription icon "Feature Requires Higher Subscription tier" appears under Front Cover feature.
77. Click the OK button.
78. Click the Collections tab.
79. Verify the Collections view opens.
80. Click the Settings button.
81. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
82. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
83. Paste "Test-727011-1339" in the Subscription code.
84. Click the Restart button.
85. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
86. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
87. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
88. Click the Hamburger button.
89. Verify the TBT menu opens.
90. Click the Advanced button.
91. Select'By Whole Text Box' button.
92. Verify the 'By Whole Text Box' button is enabled.
93. Click the 'Import Recording...' button.
94. Verify the Choose Audio File dialog opens.
95. Click the Cancel button.
96. Click the Close button.
97. Click the More..option which appears under the TBT menu.
98. Verify the More.. menu opens.
99. Select Motion Tool Checkbox.
100. Verify the Motion Tool feature is enabled.
101. Click the More..option.
102. Select Music Tool Checkbox.
103. Verify the Music Tool feature is enabled.
104. Select Overlay Tools Checkbox.
105. Verify the Overlay Tool feature is enabled.
106. Click the Close button.
107. Verify the More...menu closes.
108. Click the Add Page button.
109. Verify the Add Page...dialog opens.
110. Click "Drag Image to Words" (or any templates) under Games Pages.
111. Click the Add page button.
112. Verify the Game page is added.
113. Click the Add Page button.
114. Verify the Add Page...dialog opens.
115. Click "Comic Full Page" (or any templates) under Paper Comic Book Pages.
116. Click the Add page button.
117. Verify the Paper comic page is added.
118. Click the Add Page button.
119. Verify the Add Page...dialog opens.
120. Click the "Comic" template under Digital Comic Book Pages.
121. Click the Add page button.
122. Verify the digital comic page is added.
123. Click the Book Settings button from the toolbar.
124. Verify Book Settings dialog opens.
125. Click the Cover tab.
126. Verify the Checkbox is enabled under "Fill the front cover with a single image" under Front Cover.
127. Click the OK button.
128. Close Bloom application.
129. Launch an older version of Bloom application. (eg., Bloom 6.0)
130. Click the 'Other Collection' button.
131. Verify 'Open/Create Collections' dialog opens.
132. Click the 'Create New Collection' button.
133. Verify 'Create New Bloom Collection'  dialog opens.
134. Enter 'Tamil' in the Search box.
135. Verify Tamil language appears.
136. Click the Next button.
137. Verify Font and Script view appears.
138. Click the Next button.
139. Verify Give Language Location view appears.
140. Click the Next button.
141. Verify 'Tamil Books' appear as Collection Name.
142. Click the Next button.
143. Verify 'Ready to create New collection' pane appears.
144. Click the Finish button.
145. Verify a new collection 'Tamil Books' appears on the Collections view.
146. Click the Settings button.
147. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
148. Click "Bloom Enterprise' tab.
149. Select "Enterprise subscription' button.
150. Paste "WorldVision(International)-006053-3468" in the Subscription code.
151. Click the Restart button.
152. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
153. Click the Basic book under Templates.
154. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
155. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
156. Paste "நீதி கதைகள்" in the Front cover title box.
157. Click the Collections tab.
158. Verify the book thumbnail appears under Tamil Book collection.
159. Close the older version of Bloom application.
160. Launch the latest version of Bloom application. (eg., Bloom 6.2)
161. Click the 'Other Collection' button.
162. Verify Open/Create Collections dialog opens.
163. Select 'Tamil Books' collection.
164. Verify the Tamil Books Collection opens.
165. Click the Settings button.
166. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
167. Click the 'Bloom Subscription' tab.
168. Verify "WorldVision(International)-006053-3468" Subscription code appears.
169. Click the OK button.
170. Launch the older version of Bloom application.
171. Click the Settings button.
172. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
173. Click "Bloom Enterprise' tab.
174. Select the "None' button.
175. Click the Restart button.
176. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
177. Close Bloom application.
178. Launch the latest version of Bloom application.
179. Click the Settings button.
180. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
181. Click the "Bloom Subscription' tab.
182. Verify empty boxes appear in the Subscription tab.
183. Click the OK button.
184. Close Bloom application.
185. Launch the older version of Bloom application.
186. Click the Settings button.
187. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
188. Click "Bloom Enterprise' tab.
189. Select "Enterprise subscription' button.
190. Paste "Adele-Community-Project-LC-006203-3545" in the Subscription code.
191. Click the Restart button.
192. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
193. Close Bloom application.
194. Launch the latest version of Bloom application.
195. Click the Settings button.
196. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
197. Click the "Bloom Subscription' tab.
198. Verify "Adele-Community-Project-LC-006203-3545" appears in the Subscription code.
199. Click the OK button.
200. Close Bloom application.
201. Launch the older version of Bloom application.
202. Click the Settings button.
203. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
204. Click "Bloom Enterprise' tab.
205. Select "Enterprise subscription' button.
206. Paste "Test-PRO-005940-2189" in the Subscription code.
207. Verify 'That code has expired' warning message appears.
208. Click the Restart button.
209. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
210. Close Bloom application.
211. Launch the latest version of Bloom application.
212. Click the Settings button.
213. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
214. Click the "Bloom Subscription' tab.
215. Verify an empty text box appears in the Subscription tab.
216. Click the OK button.
217. Close Bloom application.
218. Launch the older version of Bloom application.
219. Click the Settings button.
220. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
221. Click "Bloom Enterprise' tab.
222. Select "Enterprise subscription' button.
223. Paste "WorldVision(International)-006053-3468" in the Subscription code.
224. Click the Restart button.
225. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
226. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
227. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
228. Click the Credits page.
229. Click Needs to Copyright button.
230. Verify the Copyright and License dialog opens.
231. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder box.
232. Click the OK button.
233. Click the Publish tab.
234. Click the Web button.
235. Verify Publish to Web page opens.
236. Check all the three checkboxes under Agreements.
237. Select the Visibility (Draft) Check box.
238. Click 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
239. Verify it opens the Sign In / Sign Up dialog.
240. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
241. Enter the registered email (with bloom) in the Email text box. (eg., shawn@eth.net)
242. Click the Next button.
243. Enter valid password in the password text box.
244. Click the Sign In button.
245. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button appears on the Publish to Web view.
246. Click the 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button.
247. Wait for a few seconds.
248. Click VIEW BLOOM ON LIBRARY button.
249. Verify the book opens in the bloomlibrary.org site.
250. Click the 'DOWNLOAD INTO BLOOM FOR EDITING' button.
251. Verify the book is downloaded and opens in the Bloom editor.
252. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
253. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
254. Click the Outside Back Cover page thumbnail.
255. Verify the Enterprise name (eg., World Vision) appears on the page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete ‘The Moon and the Cap’ book.
3. Close Bloom application.
