---
id: 558
title: "\"Enter the word to spell\" uses incorrect font"
description: "\"Enter the word to spell\" uses incorrect font"
issues:
  - [BL-14556](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-14556)
created: 2025-04-17
last-modified: 2025-10-06
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Install google Tai fonts (https://fonts.google.com/noto/specimen/Noto+Sans+Tai+Tham?query=tai+tham)

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Settings button.
2. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
3. Click the Book Making tab.
4. Click the 'Default Font for English' list box.
5. Verify the dropdown list box opens.
6. Click 'Goudy Stout' font.
7. Verify a warning icon appears near the font name.
8. Click a Basic book.
9. Verify the book open in the Edit view.
10. Click the Add Page button.
11. Verify Add Page dialog opens.
12. Click the 'Drag Letters to Targets' template.
13. Click the Add Page button.
14. Verify the 'Drag Letters to Targets' page is added.
15. Type 'hello' in the 'Enter the word to spell' dialog box.
16. Click the OK button.
17. Verify the Goudy Stout font appears in the game page. (eg., HELLO).
18. Click the 'Other Collection' button.
19. Verify 'Open/Create Collections' dialog box opens.
20. Click the 'Create New Collection' option.
21. Verify 'Create New Bloom Collection' dialog box opens.
22. Type 'lanna' in the Search box.
23. Click 'Tai Tham (Lanna) script box.
24. Enter 'Norther Thai' in the 'Display this language this way' text box.
25. Click the Next button.
26. Verify 'Give Language Location' dialog opens.
27. Click the Next button.
28. Verify 'Collection Name' dialog opens.
29. Click the Next button.
30. Verify 'Ready to create New Collection' dialog opens.
31. Click the Finish button.
32. Verify a new book collection is created.
33. Click the Settings button.
34. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
35. Click the Subscription tab.
36. Enter 'WorldVision' in the subscription code box.
37. Click the Book Making tab.
38. Click the 'Default Font for Northern Thai' list box.
39. Verify the Font list box opens.
40. Click 'Noto Sans Tai Tham' font from the list box.
41. Click a Basic book.
42. Verify the book open in the Edit view.
43. Click the Add Page button.
44. Verify Add Page dialog opens.
45. Click the 'Drag Letters to Targets' template.
46. Click the Add Page button.
47. Verify the 'Drag Letters to Targets' page is added.
48. Paste 'ᨶᩱᨠᩥᨲ᩠ᨲᩥᩈ᩠ᨠᩢ' in the 'Enter the word to spell' text box.
49. Verify no "tofu" boxes should appear on the text box.
50. Click the OK button.
51. Verify the Thai font should appear on the text boxes.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete Basic book.
2. Close Bloom application.
