---
id: 559
title: "Bloom Player is not responding when Captive Widget page is used (Games pages)"
description: "[6.2] Bloom Player is not responding when Captive Widget page is used (Games pages) (BL-14562)"
issues:
  - [BL-14562](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-14562)
created: 2025-04-17
last-modified: 2025-10-01
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download the HTML5 widget file from the given link: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1btOE1gfAeLQuOtzR0K39-Xwvo4jTB7S3  (to the downloads folder)
2. Extract the zip file.
3. Verify the HTML5 Folder appears.
4. Launch Bloom application
5. Click the Settings button.
6. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
7. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
8. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
9. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
10. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
11. Click the Restart button.
12. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click an eBook.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
5. Click the Add Page button.
6. Verify Add Page dialog opens.
7. Click the 'Captive Widget Page' template under Games pages.
8. Click the Add page button.
9. Verify the Captive Widget page is added.
10. Click the 'Choose Widget' button.
11. Verify an Open dialog appears.
12. Click the Downloads option from the left pane.
13. Verify the Download folder opens.
14. Double click on the HTML4 folder.
15. Click the 'tutorial' file.
16. Click the Open button.
17. Verify the widget page appears on the Edit view.
18. Verify the widget page opens correctly.
19. Verify the widget page should not display the navigation button (eg.,Previous and Next buttons) in the BloomPUB viewer.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Widget file.
2. Delete the eBook.
3. Delete the Subscription code.
4. Close Bloom application.
