---
id: 56
title: "Inline Formatting"
description: "Test case for Inline Formatting"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-09
last-modified: 2025-08-08
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Type 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription Code text box.
6. Click the Restart button.
7. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button is available in the right pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify it opens in the Edit view.
5. Click the Front Cover page.
6. Verify the Front Cover page appears on the right pane.
7. Enter 'Test Book' in the Book title box.
8. Click the Credits Page.
9. Verify the Credits page appears on the right pane.
10. Click Needs Copyright button.
11. Verify Copyright and License box appears.
12. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
13. Verify the OK button is enabled.
14. Click the OK button.
15. Verify the Copyright Holder name appears on the Credits page.
16. Click the Add Page button.
17. Verify the Add Page dialog box opens.
18. Click 'Just Text' template under Basic Pages heading.
19. Click the Add Page button.
20. Verify the Just Text page is added in the Edit view.
21. Enter "The Boy Who Cried Wolf" in the Text pane.
22. Verify the text appears on the Text pane.
23. Press the Enter Key.
24. Enter "There once was a boy who grew bored while watching over the village sheep."
25. Press the Enter Key.
26. Enter "He wanted to make things more exciting."
27. Press the Enter Key.
28. Enter "So, he yelled out that he saw a wolf chasing the sheep."
29. Press the Enter Key.
30. Enter "All the villagers came running to drive the wolf away."
31. Press the Enter key.
32. Click on "The Boy Who Cried Wolf" text.
33. Hold the Shift key then press the 'Right' navigation key to select all the text. (ie., Select all the words from The Boy Who Cried Wolf sentence)
34. Press Ctrl+B buttons.
35. Verify all words (in The Boy Who Cried Wolf) appears in Bold Style.
36. Click the 3 lines button from the top right corner of the Edit window.
37. Verify the Talking Book Tool menu opens.
38. Verify all the texts are highlighted by Orange color.
39. Click the Advanced button.
40. Click 'By Sentence' option under Recording Mode.
41. Verify 'The Boy Who Cried Wolf' is highlighted.
42. Click the Speak button.
43. Hold the Speak button and record the title.
44. Leave the Speak button.
45. Click the ‘Check’ button.
46. Verify the recorded voice is played on the headphone.
47. Click the Next button.
48. Verify the next sentence (eg., There once was..) is highlighted.
49. Click the Speak button.
50. Hold the Speak button and record the sentence.
51. Leave the Speak button.
52. Click the ‘Check’ button.
53. Verify the recorded voice is played on the headphone.
54. Click the Close button in the Talking Book Tool.
55. Verify the Talking Book Tool menu closes.
56. Click the Add Page button.
57. Verify the Add Page dialog box opens.
58. Click 'Just Text' template under Basic Pages heading.
59. Click the Add Page button.
60. Verify the Just Text page is added in the Edit view.
61. Enter 'The Golden Touch' in the text pane.
62. Press the Enter Key.
63. Enter "Midas asked for everything he touched to turn to gold." in the text pane.
64. Press the Enter Key.
65. Click on the 'The Golden Touch' title.
66. Hold the Shift key then press the 'Right' navigation key to select all the text.
67. Verify a Style tool bar appear on the page.
68. Click the Text color button.
69. Verify a color palette appears.
70. Click on the Red color.
71. Verify the 'The Golden Touch' text color is changed to Red color.
72. Click on the 'Midas asked for everything he touched to turn to gold.' title.
73. Hold the Shift key then press the 'Right' navigation key to select all the text.
74. Verify a Style tool bar appear on the page.
75. Click the Text color button.
76. Verify a color palette appears.
77. Click on the Purple color.
78. Verify the 'Midas asked for everything he touched to turn to gold.' text color is changed to Purple color.
79. Click the Collections tab.
80. Right Click on 'Test Book' thumbnail.
81. Verify a pop up menu opens.
82. Click the More option.
83. Verify a Sub menu opens.
84. Click the 'Export to Spreadsheet..' option.
85. Verify 'Export to Spreadsheet..' dialog box appears.
86. Click the Export button.
87. Verify the book is exported and named as 'TestBookx.xlsx' file.
88. Verify the book contents appears in the LibreOffice Calc.
89. Click on the 'English' (Test Book) Column.
90. Click on the last row of the 'English' (Test Book) column. (eg., The Golden Touch..word appear in the box)
91. Press the Delete key.
92. Verify the contents are deleted from the last row.
93. Click the Save button from the Standard toolbar.
94. Verify Confirm File Format dialog box opens.
95. Click the 'Use Excel..Format" button.
96. Click the Collections tab.
97. Right Click on 'Test Book' thumbnail.
98. Verify a pop up menu opens.
99. Click the More option.
100. Verify a Sub menu opens.
101. Click 'Import Content from Spreadsheet..' option.
102. Verify the Open dialog appears.
103. Click 'Test Book x' excel file.
104. Click the Open button.
105. Verify Importing Spreadsheet dialog appears.
106. Verify "Image "C:\Users\Username\Documents\Test Book x\images\placeHolder.png" on row 4 was not found" error message appears.
107. Click the Close button.
108. Verify the Importing Spreadsheet dialog closes.
109. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
110. Verify the book (Test Book) opens in the Edit view.
111. Click Page 2.
112. Verify there is an empty  page appearing on the Edit view.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Basic book.
3. Close Bloom application.
