---
id: 560
title: "Images not being cropped at publication time for non-ASCII file path"
description: "Images not being cropped at publication time for non-ASCII file path"
issues:
  - https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-14566
created: 2025-04-17
last-modified: 2025-10-01
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click an eBook.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
5. Click the Add Page button.
6. Verify Add Page dialog opens.
7. Click the 'Match word with Image' template under Games pages.
8. Click the Add Page button.
9. Verify the 'Match word with Image" page is added.
10. Click the 'Change Image' button.
11. Verify the Image Toolbox opens.
12. Type 'Car' in the Search box.
13. Verify the Car image opens.
14. Click the Car image.
15. Click the Open button.
16. Verify the Car image appears in the background of the page.
17. Click the 'Expand image to fill space' button.
18. Verify the Car image fills the entire background of the page.
19. Click the Publish tab.
20. Click the BloomPUB button.
21. Click the Preview button.
22. Verify the book opens in the BloomPUB viewer.
23. Click the Next button.
24. Verify the Car Background image should fill the entire background of the page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the eBook.
3. Close Bloom application.
