---
id: 562
title: "Restore object-fit:cover for background images"
description: "Restore object-fit:cover for background images"
issues:
  - [BL-14208](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-14208)
created: 2025-04-25
last-modified: 2025-10-01
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Paper comic book.
2. Click the 'Make a book using this source' button.
3. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
4. Click the Add Page button.
5. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
6. Click the 'Comic Full Page' template.
7. Click the Add page button.
8. Verify the Comic page is added.
9. Verify a large 'flower' image appears on the page.
10. Click the 'Change Image' button.
11. Verify the Image Toolbox opens.
12. Type 'Giraffe' in the Search box (from Art of Reading).
13. Verify the Giraffe picture appears in the preview.
14. Click the OK button.
15. Verify the Giraffe picture fully appears on the page.
16. Verify the top and bottom of the picture are clipped.
17. Click the Front cover page.
18. Verify the Front cover page opens.
19. Click the 'Change Image' button.
20. Verify the Image Toolbox opens.
21. Type 'Palm' in the Search box (from Art of Reading).
22. Verify the Palm picture appears in the preview.
23. Click the OK button.
24. Verify the Palm picture fully appears on the page.
25. Click the Book Settings button.
26. Verify the Book Settings dialog opens.
27. Click the Cover option.
28. Verify the Cover menu opens.
29. Select the check box near 'Fill the front cover with a single image' label name.
30. Click the OK button.
31. Verify the top and bottom of the picture are cropped.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Paper comic book.
2. Delete the Subscription code.
3. Close Bloom application.
