---
id: 563
title: "Upload button not enabled when trying to upload \"different book\" with a different subscription"
description: "[6.0] Upload button not enabled when trying to upload \"different book\" with a different subscription"
issues:
  - [BL-14611](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-14611)
created: 2025-04-25
last-modified: 2025-10-01
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Adele-Community-Project-LC-006203-3545' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click ‘The Moon and the Cap’ Shell book under Sample Shells.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
4. Click the Credits page.
5. Click Needs Copyright button.
6. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
7. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder name box.
8. Click the OK button.
9. Click the Publish tab.
10. Click the Web button.
11. Verify Publish to Web view opens.
12. Select all the checkboxes under Agreements.
13. Verify SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG button is available.
14. Click SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG button
15. Verify Sign In / Sign Up dialog appears.
16. Click Sign in with an email button.
17. Enter valid email address in the Email box. (eg., shawn@eth.net)
18. Click the Next button.
19. Enter valid password in Password text box.
20. Click the Sign In button.
21. Verify UPLOAD BOOK(TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.OG) button appears.
22. Click the UPLOAD BOOK(TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.OG) button
23. Verify the Upload in Progress message appears.
24. Verify the book opens in the bloomlibrary.org.
25. Click the Settings button.
26. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
27. Click the 'Bloom Subscription' tab.
28. Enter 'A-Happy-Group-of-Devs-LC-005941-9332' in the Subscription code.
29. Click the Restart button.
30. Verify the Bloom application gets restarted.
31. Click 'The Moon and the Cap' book once again.
32. Click the 'Edit this book' button.
33. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
34. Click page 2.
35. Enter 'It was a very wonderful experience' in the text box.
36. Click the Publish tab.
37. Click the Web button.
38. Verify Publish to Web page appears.
39. Verify 'Upload Book (To dev.bloomlibrary.org) button is enabled.
40. Click the 'Upload Book' button.
41. Verify 'Is this an update of your existing book?' Collision ID dialog box appears.
42. Click the 'Yes, I want to update this book' radio button.
43. Select the checkbox near the ‘Branding’ message.
44. Verify the 'Upload' button is enabled.
45. Click the branding checkbox to deselect it.
46. Verify the 'Upload' button is disabled.
47. Click the 'No, these are different books' radio button.
48. Verify the 'Upload' button gets enabled.
49. Click the UPLOAD button.
50. Click View on Bloomlibrary button.
51. Verify the book opens in the bloomlibrary.org.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Problem book.
2. Delete the Subscription code.
3. Close Bloom application.
