---
id: 564
title: "\"Show answer\" giving strange answer"
description: "\"Show answer\" giving strange answer (BL-14600)"
issues:
  - [BL-14600](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-14600)
created: 2025-04-25
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Verify that the ‘Sources for New Books’ section appeared on the left pane
2. Click on the “eBook” under the “Templates” section of the left pane.
3. Verify that the eBook template preview appears
4. Click on the ‘MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE’ button
5. Verify that the “eBook” book appears in edit mode.
6. Click on the ‘Add Page’ button on the ‘Page’ pane.
7. Verify that the ‘Add Page…’ dialog appears
8. Click on the ‘Drag Image to Targets’ template in the ‘Games Pages’ section.
9. Click on the ‘Add Page’ button.
10. Verify the page is created in the ‘‘Drag Image to Targets” template.
11. Verify that the “Game Tool” pane appears on the right side of the Bloom window.
12. Drag the “Target Label” object under the “Game Tool” pane.
13. Drop the  “Target Label” object on the ‘Drag Image to Targets’ template page.
14. Verify the “Target Label” appeared on the page.
15. Verify that the four “Target Labels” appear on the page.
16. Click on the First “Target Label” label.
17. Verify that the focus appears on the “Target Label”.
18. Click on the search icon to open the “Image Toolbox” dialog.
19. Add an animal picture using the Image toolbox.
20. Close the “Image toolbox” dialog.
21. Verify that an animal picture appears in the target and source label boxes.
22. Click on the second “Target Label” label.
23. Verify that the focus appears on the “Target Label”.
24. Click on the search icon to open the “Image Toolbox” dialog.
25. Add an animal picture using the Image toolbox.
26. Close the “Image toolbox” dialog.
27. Verify that an animal picture appears in the target and source label boxes.
28. Click on the third “Target Label” label.
29. Verify that the focus appears on the “Target Label”.
30. Click on the search icon to open the “Image Toolbox” dialog.
31. Add an animal picture using the Image toolbox.
32. Close the “Image toolbox” dialog.
33. Verify that an animal picture appears in the target and source label boxes.
34. Click on the fourth “Target Label” label.
35. Verify that the focus appears on the “Target Label”.
36. Click on the search icon to open the “Image Toolbox” dialog.
37. Add an animal picture using the Image toolbox.
38. Close the “Image toolbox” dialog.
39. Verify that an animal picture appears in the target and source label boxes.
40. Click on the “Play” tab that appears above the page.
41. Verify the tick button appears
42. Click the tick button.
43. Verify that the 'Reload' and 'Correct Answer' buttons appear.
44. Click the “Correct Answer” button.
45. Verify that the image appears within the dotted line box.
46. Verify that the image sequence appears in the right answer.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic book.
2. Close Bloom application.
