---
id: 565
title: "Can't drag a Draggable Video in BloomPUB"
description: "Can't drag a Draggable Video in BloomPUB"
issues:
  - https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-14599
created: 2025-04-25
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Download the file "Sample.mp4" for use in the action steps.

**Action Steps**

1. Click on the "Basic Book" Templates from the Sources For New Books.
2. Verify the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button appears on the Right side pane.
3. Click on the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify the Basic Book opens in the Edit Mode.
5. Click on the Front Cover page from the Left pane.
6. Verify the Front Cover page displays to Edit.
7. Click on the Title Box from the Front Cover page
8. Type Title as Test.
9. Click on the "Add Page +" button.
10. Verify the "Add Page..." dialog appears.
11. Select the 'Drag Images to Targets' template from the Game Pages
12. Click on the ADD PAGE button.
13. Verify the Page "1" thumbnail appears on the left side.
14. Verify the Page "1" Layout appears as the Edit Mode.
15. Verify that each of the 3 rectangle boxes displays one image box on the Page "1" Layout.
16. Verify that the Game Tool is displayed on the right side.
17. Verify that the Hand Gesture (video) button appears under the "Objects to Drag" section within the Game Tool.
18. Drag and Drop the Hand Gesture (video) button on the 'Page "1" Layout.
19. Verify the video icon box displays on the 'Page "1" Layout.
20. Click the ellipse button on the video icon box.
21. Verify the 'Choose video from your computer..' option appears.
22. Click the 'Choose video from your computer..' option.
23. Verify the Open folder appears.
24. Select downloaded Sample.mp4 video file.
25. Click the Open button.
26. Verify the Open folder closes.
27. Verify that the selected video "Sample.mp4" is displayed in the video icon box on the Page "1" Layout.
28. Click the Play button on the video icon box.
29. Verify the video starts playing on the video icon box.
30. Drag and drop the video icon box onto the image box inside the first rectangle box.
31. Verify the video icon box placed onto the image box
32. Verify that the video keeps playing.
33. Hover the mouse over the video.
34. Verify that the Pause button appears.
35. Click the Pause button.
36. Verify that the video is paused.
37. Click on the Publish tab.
38. Verify the BloomPUB button appears.
39. Click on the BloomPUB button.
40. Verify the Publish as BloomPUB page appears.
41. Verify the PREVIEW button appears on the Publish as BloomPUB page.
42. Click on the PREVIEW button.
43. Verify the Preview screen appears under the PREVIEW button.
44. Verify that the page titled 'Test' is displayed.
45. Click on the Next page button.
46. Verify that Page 1 appears.
47. Verify the video starts playing on the video icon box.
48. Drag and drop the video icon box onto the second blank box in the Page "1".
49. Verify the video icon box placed onto the second blank box
50. Verify that the video keeps playing.
51. Hover the mouse over the video.
52. Verify that the Pause button appears.
53. Click the Pause button.
54. Verify that the video is paused.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Test book.
2. Close Bloom application.
