---
id: 566
title: "Main Tabs"
description: "Test case for Main Tabs"
issues: []
created: 2025-04-25
last-modified: 2025-10-24
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch the website “alpha.bloomlibrary.org” .

**Action Steps**

1. Click the READ tab.
2. Verify the main tab theme color appears in red.
3. Scroll down using the vertical scrollbar on the right side of the page.
4. Verify that the tiles load quickly.
5. Click the Restore Down button in the top-right corner of the browser.
6. Verify the browser window switches to resize mode.
7. Click the right edge of the browser window.
8. Verify the cursor changes to resize mode (<->).
9. Drag the right edge of the window to the left.
10. Verify the browser size changes.
11. Verify the Language row is shortened.
12. Verify the Topics row is shortened.
13. Verify the Special Interests row is shortened.
14. Verify the Book Features row is shortened.
15. Verify that project and organization titles are rearranged but not hidden.
16. Verify that shrinking the browser causes the titles and cards to scale down accordingly.
17. Click the Maximize icon located at the top-right corner of the browser window.
18. Verify that the browser returns to full-screen mode.
19. Click the RESOURCES tab.
20. Verify the theme color switches to green.
21. Scroll down using the vertical scrollbar on the right side of the page.
22. Verify that the tiles load quickly.
23. Click the Restore Down button.
24. Verify the browser window switches to resize mode.
25. Click the right edge of the browser window.
26. Verify the cursor changes to resize mode (<->).
27. Drag the right edge of the window to the left.
28. Verify the browser size changes.
29. Verify that shrinking the browser causes the titles and cards to scale down accordingly.
30. Click the Maximize icon located at the top-right corner of the browser window.
31. Verify that the browser returns to full-screen mode.
32. Click the ABOUT tab.
33. Verify the theme color switches to green.
34. Scroll down using the vertical scrollbar on the right side of the page.
35. Verify that the tiles load quickly.
36. Click the Restore Down button.
37. Verify the browser window switches to resize mode.
38. Click the right edge of the browser window.
39. Verify the cursor changes to resize mode (<->).
40. Drag the right edge of the window to the left.
41. Verify the browser size changes.
42. Verify that shrinking the browser causes the titles and cards to scale down accordingly.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Close “alpha.bloomlibary.org” site.
