---
id: 568
title: "Test case for Online READing = Bloom Player testing"
description: "Test case for Online READing = Bloom Player testing"
issues: []
created: 2025-04-25
last-modified: 2025-10-17
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch alpha.bloomlibary.org site.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the 'Talking' thumbnail under Book Features.
2. Verify the 'Talking Books' page opens.
3. Click 'Malei' book (or any book) thumbnail.
4. Verify 'Talking-Malei' page opens.
5. Click 'Tale lo ŋgwalinaŋ' book which has 3 languages. (English, Tok Pisin and Malei)
6. Verify the book opens in the READ page.
7. Click the READ button.
8. Verify the book opens in the BloomPlayer.
9. Click the Globe icon.
10. Verify 'Languages in this book' menu opens.
11. Verify the language is already selected in 'Malei (Hote)'.
12. Click the 'English' radio button.
13. Verify English text appears on the main page.
14. Verify we can hear the audio of the page.
15. Click the Next button.
16. Verify Page 1 opens with the audio.
17. Click the Back button from the browser window.
18. Verify the Bloom player closes.
19. Click the Back button. (from the browser window)
20. Click the Home link button (which appears at the top right corner of the Bloom page)
21. Verify the Bloom Library page opens.
22. Click 'Comics' thumbnail under Book Features.
23. Verify the 'Comics Books' page opens.
24. Click the 'Gondi, Adilabad' book thumbnail.
25. Verify 'Talking-Gondi,Adilabad' page opens.
26. Click 'మరక్ హర్ జాగ మందంతంగ్'  book (or any book) which has 2 languages. (English, Gondi, Adilabad)
27. Verify the book opens in the READ page.
28. Click the READ button.
29. Verify the book opens in the BloomPlayer.
30. Click the Globe icon.
31. Verify 'Languages in this book' menu opens.
32. Verify the language is already selected in 'Gondi, Adilabad'.
33. Click the 'English' radio button.
34. Verify English text appears on the main page.
35. Click the Next button.
36. Verify Page 1 opens successfully.
37. Click the Back button from the browser window.
38. Verify the Bloom player closes.
39. Click the Back button. (from the browser window)
40. Click the Home link button (which appears at the top right corner of the Bloom page)
41. Verify the Bloom Library page opens.
42. Click the 'Activity' thumbnail under Book Features.
43. Verify the 'Activity Books' page opens.
44. Click 'Books with "Simple Choice" Activities' book thumbnail.
45. Verify 'Books with "Simple Choice" Activities' page opens.
46. Click '(4-8) The Seed'  book which has 2 languages. (English, Tok Pisin)
47. Verify the book opens in the READ page.
48. Click the READ button.
49. Verify the book opens in the BloomPlayer.
50. Click the Globe icon.
51. Verify 'Languages in this book' menu opens.
52. Verify the language is already selected in 'English'.
53. Click the 'Tok Pisin' radio button.
54. Verify Tok Pisin text appears in the main page.
55. Click the Next button.
56. Verify Page 1 opens with audio.
57. Click the Next button.
58. Verify the Page 2 opens with the audio.
59. Navigate to 'Choose the correct spelling of the word' quiz page.
60. Verify the 'Choose the correct spelling of the word' quiz page opens.
61. Click the 'Vyne' answer button.
62. Verify the button changes to grey color.
63. Verify the sound heard in the audio.
64. Click the 'Vine' answer button.
65. Verify the button changes to orange color (which is right answer)
66. Verify the sound heard in the audio.
67. Click the Back button from the browser window.
68. Verify the Bloom player closes.
69. Click the Back button. (from the browser window)
70. Click the Home link button (which appears at the top right corner of the Bloom page)
71. Verify the Bloom Library page opens.
72. Click 'Sign Language' thumbnail under Book Features.
73. Verify the 'Sign Language Books' page opens.
74. Click 'Papua New Guinean Sign Language' book thumbnail.
75. Verify 'Papua New Guinean Sign Language" page opens.
76. Click the 'Body Parts' book.
77. Verify the book opens in the READ page.
78. Click the READ button.
79. Verify the book opens in the BloomPlayer.
80. Click the Globe icon.
81. Verify 'Languages in this book' menu opens.
82. Verify the language is already selected in 'English'.
83. Click the 'Tok Pisin' radio button.
84. Verify Tok Pisin text appears in the main page.
85. Click the Next button.
86. Verify Page 1 opens with sign language video.
87. Verify the video plays.
88. Click on the video.
89. Verify the video pauses.
90. Click on the video once again.
91. Verify the video plays.
92. Click the REPLAY button.
93. Verify the video started from the beginning.
94. Click the Back button from the browser window.
95. Verify the Bloom player closes.
96. Click the Back button. (from the browser window)
97. Click the Home link button (which appears at the top right corner of the Bloom page)
98. Verify the Bloom Library page opens.
99. Click 'Visually Impaired' thumbnail under Book Features.
100. Verify 'Books for the Visually Impaired' page opens.
101. Click 'Ang Pamilya' book thumbnail.
102. Verify 'Ang Pamilya" page opens.
103. Verify the book opens in the READ page.
104. Verify the 'Visually Impaired' icon is enabled under Features label name.
105. Click the READ button.
106. Verify the book opens in the BloomPlayer.
107. Click the Globe icon.
108. Verify 'Languages in this book' menu opens which has 3 languages (Jarai, Cebuano, English)
109. Verify the language is already selected in 'Cebuano'.
110. Click the 'English' radio button.
111. Verify English text appears on the main page.
112. Click the Next button.
113. Verify Page 1 opens correctly.
114. Click the Back button from the browser window.
115. Verify the Bloom player closes.
116. Click the Back button. (from the browser window)
117. Click the Home link button (which appears at the top right corner of the Bloom page)
118. Verify the Bloom Library page opens.
119. Click 'Motion' thumbnail under Book Features.
120. Verify 'Motion Books' page opens.
121. Click the 'Bengali' book thumbnail.
122. Verify the book 'Avgvi eveyi mv†_ GKw`b' opens in the READ page.
123. Verify the 'Motion' icon is enabled under Features label name.
124. Click the READ button.
125. Verify the book opens in the BloomPlayer.
126. Click the Globe icon.
127. Verify 'Languages in this book' menu opens which has 2 languages (Bengali, English)
128. Verify the language is already selected in 'Bengali'.
129. Click the 'English' radio button.
130. Verify English text appears on the main page.
131. Click the Next button.
132. Verify the page navigates automatically.
133. Verify the picture on the page has the motion feature.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Close alpha.bloomlibrary.org
