---
id: 569
title: "Test case for Book Detail"
description: "Test case for Book Detail"
issues: []
created: 2025-04-25
last-modified: 2025-10-17
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch  alpha.bloomlibrary.org
2. Login users require a Moderator Account.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the "Sign In / Sign Up" option from the avatar icon at the top right corner of the page.
2. Verify that the "Sign In / Sign Up" dialog appears.
3. Click the "Sign in with email" button.
4. Verify that the page navigates to the "Sign in with email" screen.
5. Enter a valid moderator account email ID in the Email field.
6. Click the "Next" button.
7. Verify that the Password field appears.
8. Enter a valid moderator account password in the Password field.
9. Click “SIGN IN” button
10. Verify that the user is successfully logged in.
10. Click the Profile icon again, located at the top right corner of the page.
11. Click the "My Books" option.
12. Verify that the page is redirected to the "My Books" page.
13. Select any available book in the My Books page (e.g "The Moon and the Cap" ).
14. Verify that the "The Moon and the Cap" book details page opens.
15. Verify that a text box appears at the bottom stating: "You have permission to modify this book."
20. Click the "Which Format Buttons to Show for this Book" dropdown list under the Formats section.
21. Verify that the message "Use the following to hide any formats that look bad" appears, along with the following download format buttons:

o    PDF

o    EPUB

o    BloomPUB

o    READ

o    Bloom Editor
22. Verify that all format buttons display the 'Automatic (Show)' option enabled.
23. Select the 'Hide' option from the “PDF “ format button dropdown list.
24. Scroll to the top of the page.
25. Verify that the PDF icon is now in disabled mode, located below the READ button.
26. Click the "READ" option from the top menu.
27. Verify that the page is redirected to the Bloom Library.
28. Click the "Sign Language" thumbnail under the Book Features section.
29. Verify that the page is redirected to the Sign Language Books page.
30. Click the "Ethiopian Sign Language" thumbnail.
31. Verify that the page is redirected to the Ethiopian Sign Language section.
32. Click the book titled "Haadha Warrafi Abba Warraa Gowwaa."
33. Verify that the page is redirected to the "Haadha Warrafi Abba Warraa Gowwaa" book details page.
34. Verify that the PDF icon is now in disabled mode, located below the READ button..

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Click the "Log Out" option from the avatar icon at the top right corner.
2. Close the alpha.bloomlibrary.org.
