---
id: 571
title: "Stats"
description: "Test case for Stats"
issues: []
created: 2025-04-25
last-modified: 2025-10-22
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch alpha.bloomlibrary.org
2. Click the Avatar icon which appears at the top right corner of the web page.
3. Click the Sign In/Sign Up option.
4. Verify Sign In/Sign Up dialog opens.
5. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
6. Enter the email ID (use Moderator account credentials) in the email box.
7. Click the Next button.
8. Enter Password (use Moderator account credentials) in the Password text box.
9. Click the Sign In button.
10. Verify the page opens with a Moderator account.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the 'READ' tab.
2. Verify the Bloom Library page opens.
3. Scroll down to the bottom of the page.
4. Verify 'New Arrivals' appears at the bottom of the page.
5. Click on 'Test Harvester' (or any book) under New Arrivals.
6. Verify there are no stats for that book.
7. Click the “See more of these books” button.
8. Verify 'New Arrival' page opens.
9. Scroll down the New Arrivals screen to the end.
10. Click 'The Motion Book' (or any other book thumbnail) at the end of the page.
11. Verify the book opens in the READ page.
12. Verify there are some stats that appear under book details. (eg., 2 reads, 1 devices.,)
13. Enter 'https://alpha.bloomlibrary.org/new-arrivals/stats/bookStatistics' in the browser window.
14. Verify something like 'Statistics for Collection:New Arrivals' page opens.
15. Verify the 'The Motion Book' (or any selected book)title should appear.
16. Click the 'ALL TIME' button which appears at the top right corner of the page.
17. Verify 'Include Events' Calendar appears.
18. Set Date range from (eg.,) 'February 2024' to 'October 2025'
19. Verify the statistics appear within the date range (ie., from Feb 2024 to Oct 2025)
20. Click the 'CSV' button (to import the CSV file) which appears at the bottom right corner of the page.
21. Verify the CSV spreadsheet is downloaded.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Logout from alpha.bloomlibary.org.
2. Close alpha.bloomlibrary.org.
