---
id: 573
title: "Permissions (Moderator)"
description: "Test case for Permissions (Moderator)"
issues: []
created: 2025-04-25
last-modified: 2025-10-17
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch alpha.bloomlibrary.org
2. Click the Avatar icon which appears at the top right corner of the web page.
3. Click the Sign In/Sign Up option.
4. Verify Sign In/Sign Up dialog opens.
5. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
6. Enter the email ID (use Moderator account credentials) in the email box.
7. Click the Next button.
8. Enter Password (use Moderator account credentials) in the Password text box.
9. Click the Sign In button.
10. Verify the page opens with a Moderator account.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the English book container. (or any other language containers)
2. Verify English books page opens.
3. Click on 'The Mango Tree' (or any other book)
4. Verify the book opens on the READ page.
5. Verify "You have permission to modify this book" dialog appears.
6. Verify the 'Draft' check box is enabled in this dialog.
7. Verify the 'Download into Bloom for Editing' button is available in this dialog.
8. Verify the 'Format buttons control' buttons are available in this dialog.
9. Verify the 'Delete' button is available in this dialog.
10. Verify "You have staff permission on this book" dialog appears.
11. Verify the 'Staff Controls' button is available in this dialog.
12. Verify the 'Raw Book Data' button is available in this dialog.
13. Click the BloomPUB icon.
14. Verify .bloompub file is downloaded.
15. Click the PDF icon.
16. Verify the PDF file is downloaded and opens in the web page.
17. Click the Back button.
18. Verify the READ page opens.
19. Click the EPUB button.
20. Verify the ePUB file is downloaded.
21. Click the "Translate into your language" button.
22. Verify the book is downloaded in the existing Bloom Collections.
23. Click DOWNLOAD INTO BLOOM FOR EDITING button.
24. Verify the books are downloaded and appear as a new collection.
25. Click the language hyperlink (eg., English) under the Book title.
26. Verify the English Books (or corresponding language ) page opens.
27. Click the Back button.
28. Verify the READ page opens.
29. Click the License hyper link. (eg., cc-by)
30. Verify https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/ (or corresponding) page opens.
31. Click the Back button.
32. Verify the READ page opens.
33. Click X books that may be translations link.
34. Verify Matching books page opens.
35. Click the Back button.
36. Verify the READ page opens.
37. Select the 'Is a Rebrand' Checkbox.
38. Verify the SAVE button is enabled.
39. Click the CANCEL button.
40. Verify the 'Is a Rebrand' check box is unticked.
41. Select the 'Hide this Book from Everyone' check box.
42. Verify an orange background appears on the 'Hide this Book from Everyone' label.
43. Deselect the 'Hide this Book from Everyone' check box.
44. Verify an orange background disappears from the 'Hide this Book from Everyone' label.
45. Click the REQUEST HARVESTING button.
46. Verify the SAVE button is enabled.
47. Click the CANCEL button.
48. Verify the SAVE button is disabled.
49. Click the Share button.
50. Verify the Facebook page opens.
51. Click the Close button. (to close Facebook)
52. Click the Report button.
53. Verify the Report dialog opens.
54. Click the Cancel button.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Logout from alpha.bloomlibary.org.
2. Close alpha.bloomlibrary.org.
