---
id: 574
title: "Permissions (Collection Editor)"
description: "Test case for Permissions (Collection Editor)"
issues: []
created: 2025-04-25
last-modified: 2025-10-17
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch https://alpha.bloomlibrary.org/test-bookshelf-1
2. Click the Avatar icon which appears at the top right corner of the web page.
3. Click the Sign In/Sign Up option.
4. Verify Sign In/Sign Up dialog opens.
5. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
6. Enter the email ID (use Collector account credentials) in the email box.
7. Click the Next button.
8. Enter Password (use Collector account credentials) in the Password text box.
9. Click the Sign In button.
10. Verify the page opens with a Collector account.

**Action Steps**

1. Click 'Good Friends' (or any other book)(note: the user should already uploaded some books to the bookshelf)
2. Verify READ page opens.
3. Verify "You have permission to modify this book" dialog appears.
4. Verify the 'Draft' check box is enabled in this dialog.
5. Verify the 'Download into Bloom for Editing' button is available in this dialog.
6. Verify the 'Format buttons control' buttons are available in this dialog.
7. Verify the 'Delete' button is available in this dialog.
8. Click the BloomPUB icon.
9. Verify .bloompub file is downloaded.
10. Click the PDF icon.
11. Verify the PDF file is downloaded and opens in the web page.
12. Click the Back button.
13. Verify the READ page opens.
14. Click the EPUB button.
15. Verify the ePUB file is downloaded.
16. Click the "Translate into your language" button.
17. Verify the book is downloaded in the existing Bloom Collections.
18. Click DOWNLOAD INTO BLOOM FOR EDITING button.
19. Verify the book is downloaded and appear as a new collection.
20. Click the language hyperlink (eg., English) under the Book title.
21. Verify the English Books (or corresponding language ) page opens.
22. Click the Back button.
23. Verify the READ page opens.
24. Click the License hyper link. (eg., cc-by)
25. Verify https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/ (or corresponding) page opens.
26. Click the Back button.
27. Verify the READ page opens.
28. Click X books that may be translations link.
29. Verify Matching books page opens.
30. Click the Back button.
31. Verify the READ page opens.
32. Click the Share button.
33. Verify the Facebook page opens.
34. Click the Close button. (to close Facebook)
35. Click the Report button.
36. Verify the Report dialog opens.
37. Click the Cancel button.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Logout fromhttps://alpha.bloomlibrary.org/test-bookshelf-1
2. Close alpha.bloomlibrary.org.
