---
id: 580
title: "Test case for “DOWNLOAD INTO BLOOM FOR EDITING” button"
description: "Test case for “DOWNLOAD INTO BLOOM FOR EDITING” button"
issues: []
created: 2025-04-25
last-modified: 2025-10-15
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch alpha.bloomlibrary.org  in any web browser.
2. Login users using a Moderator Account.

**Actions Steps**

1. Click the "Sign In / Sign Up" option from the avatar icon at the top right corner.
2. Verify that the "Sign In / Sign Up" dialog appears.
3. Click the "Sign in with email" button.
4. Verify that the page navigates to the "Sign in with email" screen.
5. Enter a valid moderator Account email ID in the Email field.
6. Click the "Next" button.
7. Verify that the Password field appears.
8. Enter a valid moderator Account password in the Password field.
9. Click “SIGN IN” button
10. Verify that the user is successfully logged in.
11. Click the "READ" tab.
12. Verify that the Bloom Library page opens.
13. Click the “French” thumbnail.
14. Verify that the page redirects to the “Français (French) Books” page.
15. Select any available book (e.g., La lune et la casquette).
16. Verify that the page redirects to the respective book page (e.g., La lune et la casquette).
17. Verify that a text box appears at the bottom with the heading: "You have permission to modify this book."
18. Verify that the "DOWNLOAD INTO BLOOM FOR EDITING" button appears.
19. Click the "DOWNLOAD INTO BLOOM FOR EDITING" button.
20. Verify that the "Almost there…" dialog opens with Cancel and Download Book buttons.
21. Click the checkbox: "I get it. Don't show me this again."
22. Click the "Download Book" button.
23. Verify that a warning dialog appears with the message: "Open Bloom?"
24. Click the checkbox in the dialog box.
25. Click the "Open Bloom" button.
26. Verify that the "Downloading book" progress bar appears on the screen.
27. Verify that the "Download complete" dialog appears with an OK button.
28. Click the OK button.
29. Verify that the book opens in the Bloom application.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Click the "Log Out" option from the avatar icon at the top right corner.
2. Close the alpha.bloomlibrary.org browser tab.
