---
id: 581
title: "Buttons"
description: "Test case for Buttons"
issues: []
created: 2025-04-25
last-modified: 2025-10-17
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch alpha.bloomlibrary.org
2. Click the Avatar icon which appears at the top right corner of the web page.
3. Click the Sign In/Sign Up option.
4. Verify Sign In/Sign Up dialog opens.
5. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
6. Enter the email ID (use Moderator account credentials) in the email box.
7. Click the Next button.
8. Enter Password (use Moderator account credentials) in the Password text box.
9. Click the Sign In button.
10. Verify the page opens with a Moderator account.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Avatar icon.
2. Verify the menu opens.
3. Click My Books option.
4. Verify My Books page opens. (note: the user should already uploaded some books to blorg using Moderator account credentials)
5. Click 'Test Book' (or any other book)
6. Verify READ page opens.
7. Click the Share button.
8. Verify the Facebook page opens.
9. Click the Close button. (to close Facebook)
10. Click the Report button.
11. Verify the Report dialog opens.
12. Click the Cancel button.
13. Click the "Translate into your language" button.
14. Verify the book is downloaded in the existing Bloom Collections.
15. Click DOWNLOAD INTO BLOOM FOR EDITING button.
16. Verify the books is downloaded and appear as a new collection.
17. Click the DELETE button.
18. Verify 'Delete this book?' warning dialog appears.
19. Click the 'PERMANENTLY DELETE THIS BOOK' button.
20. Verify the book is deleted from My Books page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Logout from alpha.bloomlibary.org.
2. Close alpha.bloomlibrary.org.
