---
id: 584
title: "Details Sections collapse and expand"
description: "Test case for Details Sections collapse and expand"
issues: []
created: 2025-04-25
last-modified: 2025-10-17
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch alpha.bloomlibrary.org
2. Click the Avatar icon which appears at the top right corner of the web page.
3. Click the Sign In/Sign Up option.
4. Verify Sign In/Sign Up dialog opens.
5. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
6. Enter the email ID (use Moderator account credentials) in the email box.
7. Click the Next button.
8. Enter Password (use Moderator account credentials) in the Password text box.
9. Click the Sign In button.
10. Verify the page opens with a Moderator account.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the French book container. (or any other book containers)
2. Click 'Picture Book' (or any other book)
3. Verify READ page opens.
4. Verify "You have permission to modify this book" dialog appears.
5. Click the Format Combo box. (down arrow)
6. Verify the Format combo box expands.
7. Click the Format Combo box. (up arrow)
8. Verify the Format combo box collapses.
9. Verify "You have staff permission on this book" dialog appears.
10. Click the Staff Controls combo box. (up arrow)
11. Verify the Staff Controls combo box collapses.
12. Click the Staff Controls combo box. (down arrow)
13. Verify the Staff Controls combo box expands.
14. Click the Raw Book Data combo box. (down arrow)
15. Verify the Raw Book Data combo box expands.
16. Click the Raw Book Data combo box. (up arrow)
17. Verify the Raw Book Data combo box collapses.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Logout from alpha.bloomlibary.org.
2. Close alpha.bloomlibrary.org.
