---
id: 587
title: "Grids"
description: "Test case for Grids"
issues: []
created: 2025-04-25
last-modified: 2025-10-29
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch alpha.bloomlibrary.org site.
2. Login into alpha.blorg using the Moderator account.

**Action Steps**

1. Scroll down to the bottom of the page.
2. Click 'Grids' button. (which appears at the bottom left corner of the page)
3. Verify three options appear under the Grid column.
4. Click the 'Books' option.
5. Verify that the Books Sorting page opens.
6. Click the 'Show Column Chooser' button.
7. Verify that some topics like Title, Branding, Country are already selected.
8. De-select 'Country' checkbox.(if it is selected)
9. Verify the 'Country' column is removed from the page.
10. Select 'Features' check box.
11. Verify the 'Features' column is added to the page.
12. Enter 'Comic' in the 'Features' filter box.
13. Verify that the books that match with comic features are filtered and appear on the page.
14. Click the filter box under 'Branding'
15. Enter 'sil-png' in the filter box.
16. Verify that the books that match with 'SIL-PNG' branding are filtered and appear on the page.
17. Delete brand name 'sil-png' from the filter box.
18. Delete the feature name 'comic' from the filter box.
19. Click on the 'Languages' filter box.
20. Enter 'Tamil' in the filter box.
21. Verify that the books that match with 'Tamil' language are filtered and appear on the page.
22. Delete language name 'Tamil' from the filter box.
23. Click on the 'Topic' filter box.
24. Enter 'agriculture' in the filter box.
25. Verify that the books that match with 'agriculture' topics are filtered and appear on the page.
26. Delete the Topic name 'agriculture' from the filter box.
27. Scroll down to the bottom of the page.
28. Verify the 'CSV' button appears at the bottom left corner of the page.
29. Click the 'CSV' button.
30. Verify a 'Grid.CSV spreadsheet file is downloaded.
31. Double click on the 'Grid.CSV' file.
32. Verify the spreadsheet opens.
33. Verify all the Book names appear on the spreadsheet.
34. Click the 'Back' button of the browser window.
35. Click 'Languages' link button under 'Grids'
36. Verify the 'Languages' page opens.
37. Click the 'Show Column Chooser' button.
38. Verify that some options are already selected.
39. Select 'Lang Tag' checkbox.
40. Verify the 'Lang Tag' column is added.
41. Enter 'en' under the Lang Tag filter box.
42. Verify that the book that matches with the language tag "en' are filtered and appeared on the page.
43. Delete the lang tag 'en' from the Lang Tag filter box.
44. Click the 'Back' button of the browser window.
45. Click 'Languages' link button under 'Grids'
46. Verify the 'Languages' page opens.
47. Enter ">8000" under Book Count.
48. Verify the books that match with the given book count condition (eg., 9665) appears under Book Count.
49. Delete the value ">8000" from the filter box.
50. Enter "=8" under Book Count.
51. Verify the books that match with the given book count condition (eg., 8) appears under Book Count.
52. Delete the value "=8" from the filter box.
53. Enter "<700" under Book Count.
54. Verify the books that match with the given book count condition (eg., 571,487,421..) appears under Book Count.
55. Delete the value "<700" from the filter box.
56. Scroll down to the bottom of the page.
57. Verify the 'CSV' button appears at the bottom left corner of the page.
58. Click the 'CSV' button.
59. Verify a 'Language Grid.CSV spreadsheet file is downloaded.
60. Double click on the 'Language Grid.CSV' file.
61. Verify the spreadsheet opens.
62. Verify all the language names appear with Book count on the spreadsheet.
63. Click the 'Back' button of the browser window.
64. Click 'Countries' link button under 'Grids'
65. Verify the 'Country' page opens.
66. Click the 'Show Column Chooser' button.
67. Verify that some options are already selected.
68. Select 'Code' checkbox.
69. Verify the 'Code' column is added.
70. Enter 'IN' under the Lang Tag filter box.
71. Verify that the country that matches with the country code name (eg., India) are filtered and appear on the page.
72. Click on the filter box which appears under the Language Count column.
73. Enter ">500" under Language Count.
74. Verify the countries that match with the given language count condition (eg., 883,619,524..) appears under Language Count.
75. Delete the value ">500" from the Language Count filter box.
76. Scroll down to the bottom of the page.
77. Verify the 'CSV' button appears at the bottom left corner of the page.
78. Click the 'CSV' button.
79. Verify a 'Country Grid.CSV spreadsheet file is downloaded.
80. Double click on the 'Country Grid.CSV' file.
81. Verify the spreadsheet opens.
82. Verify all the country names appear with code, language and book count columns.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Grid.csv file.
2. Delete the Language Grid.csv file.
3. Delete the Country Grid. csv file.
4. Logout from alpha.bloomlibrary.org.
5. Close alpha.bloomlibrary.org site.
