---
id: 588
title: "Collection Stats"
description: "Test case for Collection Stats"
issues: []
created: 2025-04-25
last-modified: 2025-10-29
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch bloomlibrary.org site.

**Action Steps**

1. Click 'book dash' thumbnail under 'Publishers'
2. Verify the 'book dash' page opens.
3. Click the URL in the address bar. (ie.,bloomlibrary.org/book-dash on the browser window's addressbar)
4. Add 'stats' at the end of the 'bloomlibrary.org/book-dash' url. (eg., bloomlibrary.org/book-dash/stats)
5. Press the Enter key.
6. Verify the 'Statistics for Collection: Book Dash' page opens.
7. Click the 'Overview' combo box.
8. Verify the combo box opens.
9. Select 'Book Statistics'.
10. Verify the Book Statistics details appear in various columns.
11. Verify the 'ALL TIME' button appears on the right most pane.
12. Click the 'ALL TIME' button.
13. Verify an All Time Calendar appears.
14. Set 'January 2024'from 'Include Events From' calendar.
15. Click on the 3rd date from the calendar.
16. Verify the book statistics displayed on the page for the period from 1/2/2024 to today.
17. Click the READ tab.
18. Verify the Bloom Library home page opens.
19. Click 'Little Zebra Books' thumbnail under 'Publishers'
20. Verify the 'Little Zebra Books' page opens.
21. Click the URL address bar. (ie., bloomlibrary.org/Little-Zebra-Books on the browser window's addressbar)
22. Add 'stats' at the end of the 'bloomlibrary.org/Little-Zebra-Books' url. (eg., bloomlibrary.org/Little-Zebra-Books/stats)
23. Press the Enter key.
24. Verify the 'Statistics for Collection: Little Zebra Books' page opens.
25. Click the 'Overview' combo box.
26. Verify the combo box opens.
27. Select 'Book Statistics'.
28. Verify the Book Statistics details appear.
29. Verify the 'ALL TIME' button appears on the right most pane.
30. Click the 'ALL TIME' button.
31. Verify an All Time Calendar appears.
32. Set 'January 2024'from 'Include Events From' calendar.
33. Click on the 3rd date from the calendar.
34. Verify the book statistics displayed on the page for the period from 1/2/2024 to today.
35. Click the READ tab.
36. Verify the Bloom Library home page opens.
37. Click 'Bible' thumbnail under 'Topics'
38. Verify the 'Bible' page opens.
39. Click the URL address bar. (ie., https://bloomlibrary.org/topic:Bible on the browser window's addressbar)
40. Add 'stats' at the end of the 'https://bloomlibrary.org/topic:Bible' url. (eg., https://bloomlibrary.org/topic:Bible/stats)
41. Press the Enter key.
42. Verify the 'Statistics for Collection: Bible' page opens.
43. Click the 'Overview' combo box.
44. Verify the combo box opens.
45. Select 'Book Statistics'.
46. Verify the Book Statistics details appear in various columns.
47. Verify the 'ALL TIME' button appears on the right most pane.
48. Click the 'ALL TIME' button.
49. Verify an All Time Calendar appears.
50. Set 'January 2024'from 'Include Events From' calendar.
51. Click on '3'rd date from the calendar.
52. Verify the book statistics displayed on the page for the period from 1/3/2024 to today.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Close bloomlibrary.org site.
