---
id: 59
title: "Sign Language Tool"
description: "Test case for Sign Language Tool"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-09
last-modified: 2025-09-05
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Connect Android Mobile to the Computer via USB Cable.
2. Verify the Bloom Reader installed in the Android Mobile.
3. Download Sample Videos (eg., SamplVideo.MP4) in the Downloads Folder.
4. Launch Bloom application
5. Click the Settings button.
6. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
7. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
8. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
9. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
10. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
11. Click the Restart button.
12. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
13. Click the Settings button.
14. Verify Settings dialog opens.
15. Click the 'Languages' tab.
16. Click the 'Set' link button under 'Sign Language' (optional) option.
17. Verify Choose Language Dialog opens.
18. Type 'sign' in the search bar.
19. Verify a list of sign languages available in the list pane.
20. Select 'American Sign Language' from the list.
21. Click the OK button.
22. Verify the American Sign language(ase) is added in the Settings tab.
23. Click the Restart button.
24. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Sign Language book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Enter 'The Golden Touch' in the Front Cover title box.
6. Click the Credits Page thumbnail.
7. Verify the Credits page opens.
8. Click the 'Needs Copyright' button.
9. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
10. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
11. Click the OK button.
12. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
13. Click the Add page button.
14. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
15. Select 'Video Over Text' template under Sign Language pages.
16. Click the Add page button.
17. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
18. Verify a popup menu appears on the window.
19. Click the block button of the popup menu.
20. Verify the popup menu closes.
21. Click the 'Advanced' button.
22. Verify the 'Import' button is available.
23. Click the 'Import' button.
24. Verify 'Open' dialog opens.
25. Select 'sample.MP4' video file.
26. Click the 'Open' button.
27. Verify the video appears on the page.
28. Click the text pane.
29. Type 'This is for testing purpose'
30. Click the Add page button.
31. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
32. Select 'Big Text Diglot' template under Sign Language pages.
33. Click the Add page button.
34. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
35. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
36. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
37. Enter 'Car' in the Searchbox.
38. Press the Enter key.
39. Verify the Car images appear on the preview pane.
40. Click any of the Car images.
41. Click the OK button.
42. Verify the car image appears on the picture pane.
43. Click the 'Advanced' button.
44. Verify the 'Import' button is available.
45. Click the 'Import' button.
46. Verify 'Open' dialog opens.
47. Select 'sample.MP4' video file.
48. Click the 'Open' button.
49. Verify the video appears on the page.
50. Click the text pane.
51. Type 'This is Big Text Diglot'
52. Click the Add page button.
53. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
54. Select 'Big Video Diglot' template under Sign Language pages.
55. Click the Add page button.
56. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
57. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
58. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
59. Enter 'Car' in the Searchbox.
60. Press the Enter key.
61. Verify the Car images appear on the preview pane.
62. Click any of the Car images.
63. Click the OK button.
64. Verify the car image appears on the picture pane.
65. Click the 'Advanced' button.
66. Verify the 'Import' button is available.
67. Click the 'Import' button.
68. Verify 'Open' dialog opens.
69. Select 'sample.MP4' video file.
70. Click the 'Open' button.
71. Verify the video appears on the page.
72. Click the text pane.
73. Type 'This is Big Video Diglot'
74. Click the Add page button.
75. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
76. Select 'Big Picture Diglot' template under Sign Language pages.
77. Click the Add page button.
78. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
79. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
80. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
81. Enter 'Flower' in the Searchbox.
82. Press the Enter key.
83. Verify Flower images appear on the preview pane.
84. Click any of the Flower images.
85. Click the OK button.
86. Verify the Flower image appears on the picture pane.
87. Click the 'Advanced' button.
88. Verify the 'Import' button is available.
89. Click the 'Import' button.
90. Verify 'Open' dialog opens.
91. Select 'sample.MP4' video file.
92. Click the 'Open' button.
93. Verify the video appears on the page.
94. Click the text pane.
95. Type 'This is Big Picture Diglot'
96. Click the Add page button.
97. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
98. Select 'Picture & Video' template under Sign Language pages.
99. Click the Add page button.
100. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
101. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
102. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
103. Enter 'Car' in the Searchbox.
104. Press the Enter key.
105. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
106. Click any of the Car images.
107. Click the OK button.
108. Verify the Flower image appears on the picture pane.
109. Click the 'Advanced' button.
110. Verify the 'Import' button is available.
111. Click the 'Import' button.
112. Verify 'Open' dialog opens.
113. Select 'sample.MP4' video file.
114. Click the 'Open' button.
115. Verify the video appears on the page.
116. Click the Add page button.
117. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
118. Select 'Text Over Video' template under Sign Language pages.
119. Click the Add page button.
120. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
121. Click the 'Advanced' button.
122. Verify the 'Import' button is available.
123. Click the 'Import' button.
124. Verify 'Open' dialog opens.
125. Select 'sample.MP4' video file.
126. Click the 'Open' button.
127. Verify the video appears on the page.
128. Click the text pane.
129. Type 'This is Text Over Video'
130. Click the Publish tab.
131. Click the BloomPUB button.
132. Verify Publish as BloomPUB page appears.
133. Verify the Sign Language features are enabled and checked under Features heading.
134. Select 'Send over USB Cable' radio button.
135. Click the 'CONNECT WITH USB CABLE' button.
136. Verfify Publishing dialog flashes on the screen.
137. Tap the Bloom Reader app on the Android mobile.
138. Verify the 'The Golden Touch' Book appears on the Bloom Reader menu.
139. Tap on the 'The Golden Touch' book.
140. Verify the book opens in the landscape mode.
141. Navigate all pages of the book.
142. Verify the pictures & Videos are working fine.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Remove the USB cable Android Mobile from the Computer.
2. Delete the Subscription Code.
3. Delete ‘The Golden Touch’ book.
4. Remove American Sign Language (optional) from the Settings menu.
5. Close Bloom application.
