---
id: 590
title: "\"Correct\"/\"Wrong\" mode should not let you wreck your game!"
description: "\"Correct\"/\"Wrong\" mode should not let you wreck your game!"
issues:
  - [BL-14532](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-14532)
created: 2025-05-13
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click an eBook.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
4. Click the Add Page button.
5. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
6. Click the 'Drag Images to Targets' template.
7. Click the Add Page button.
8. Verify the 'Drag Image to Targets' page is added.
9. Click the ellipse button of the first Source image box.
10. Verify the option menu opens.
11. Click 'Choose image from your computer...' option.
12. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
13. Type 'Car' in the Search box.
14. Click the 'Search' button.
15. Verify the Car image appears in the preview.
16. Click the OK button.
17. Verify the Car image appears on the Source image box.
18. Click the ellipse button of the Second Source image box.
19. Verify the option menu opens.
20. Click 'Choose image from your computer...' option.
21. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
22. Type 'Camel' in the Search box.
23. Click the 'Search' button.
24. Verify the Camel image appears in the preview.
25. Click the OK button.
26. Verify the Camel image appears on the Source image box.
27. Click the ellipse button of the third Source image box.
28. Verify the option menu opens.
29. Click 'Choose image from your computer...' option.
30. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
31. Type 'Palm' in the Search box.
32. Click the 'Search' button.
33. Verify the Palm tree image appears in the preview.
34. Click the OK button.
35. Verify the Palm tree image appears on the Source image box.
36. Verify all the draggables and targets are visible.
37. Click the Play tab.
38. Verify all the draggables are visible.
39. Verify the dotted rectangles are visible on the page.
40. Click the Start tab.
41. De-select the 'Show drag targets during play' option which appears under options menu.
42. Click the Play tab.
43. Verify the dotted rectangles disappear on the page.
44. Click the Start tab.
45. Select 'Show drag targets during play' option which appears under options menu.
46. Select 'Show Answers during play' option.
47. Click the Play tab.
48. Verify the dotted rectangles are visible on the page.
49. Verify the answers appear in the target boxes and they appear dimmed.
50. Click the Check button.
51. Verify the target boxes are dimmed.
52. Click the Undo button.
53. Verify the Source and target boxes appeared with Answers.
54. Click the Check button.
55. Verify the target boxes are dimmed.
56. Click the 'Show the correct Answer' button.
57. Verify the target boxes appear with Answers.
58. Click the Start tab.
59. De-Select 'Show drag targets during play' option which appears under options menu.
60. De-Select 'Show Answers during play' option.
61. Click the Play tab.
62. Verify the Source boxes only appear.
63. Click the Check button.
64. Verify no Source and target boxes appeared.
65. Click the Undo button.
66. Verify the Source boxes only appear.
67. Click the 'Show the correct Answer' button.
68. Verify the target boxes appear with Answers.
69. Verify the target box has no dotted lines.
70. Click the Start tab.
71. Select 'Show drag targets during play' option which appears under options menu.
72. Select 'Show Answers during play' option.
73. Click the Correct tab.
74. Verify all the draggables are hidden.
75. Verify the target boxes only appear.
76. Verify the target box appeared with a dotted line.
77. Verify Undo, Show Correct Answer and Check button are in disabled state.
78. Click the Start tab.
79. De-Select 'Show drag targets during play' option which appears under options menu.
80. De-Select 'Show Answers during play' option.
81. Click the Correct tab.
82. Verify all the draggables are hidden.
83. Verify the target box has no dotted lines.
84. Verify the Answers appeared in the target boxes.
85. Verify Undo, Show Correct Answer and Check button are in disabled state
86. Click the Start tab.
87. Select 'Show drag targets during play' option which appears under options menu.
88. Select 'Show Answers during play' option.
89. Click the Wrong tab.
90. Verify all the draggables are hidden.
91. Verify the target box has dotted lines.
92. Verify Undo, Show Correct Answer and Check button are in disabled state.
93. Click the Start tab.
94. De-Select 'Show drag targets during play' option which appears under options menu.
95. De-Select 'Show Answers during play' option.
96. Click the Wrong tab.
97. Verify draggables and target boxes are hidden.
98. Verify Undo, Show Correct Answer and Check button are in disabled state.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the eBook.
3. Close Bloom application.
