---
id: 591
title: "Items from Correct/Wrong need to always be in front"
description: "Items from Correct/Wrong need to always be in front"
issues:
  - [BL-14627](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-14627)
created: 2025-05-13
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click an eBook.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
4. Click the Add Page button.
5. Verify the Add Page dialog box opens.
6. Click the Drag Images to Words page.
7. Click the Add Page button.
8. Verify 'Drag Images to Words' is added.
9. Click the Correct tab.
10. Drag an Image Overlay to the page.
11. Verify the Image overlay appears in front of the items added in the start tab.
12. Drag an Video Overlay to the page.
13. Verify the Video appears in front of the items added in the start tab.
14. Drag an GIF object to the page.
15. Verify the GIF object appears in front of the items added in the start tab.
16. Drag the Rectangle box overlay to the page.
17. Verify the Rectangle box appears in front of the items added in the start tab.
18. Click the Wrong tab.
19. Drag an Image Overlay to the page.
20. Verify the Image overlay appears in front of the items added in the start tab.
21. Drag an Video Overlay to the page.
22. Verify the Video appears in front of the items added in the start tab.
23. Drag an GIF object to the page.
24. Verify the GIF object appears in front of the items added in the start tab.
25. Drag the Rectangle box overlay to the page.
26. Verify the Rectangle box appears in front of the items added in the start tab.
27. Click the Add Page button.
28. Verify the Add Page dialog box opens.
29. Click the ‘Drag Sounds to Word’ page.
30. Click the Add Page button.
31. Verify 'Drag Sounds to Word' is added.
32. Click the Correct tab.
33. Drag an Image Overlay to the page.
34. Verify the Image overlay appears in front of the items added in the start tab.
35. Drag an Video Overlay to the page.
36. Verify the Video appears in front of the items added in the start tab.
37. Drag an GIF object to the page.
38. Verify the GIF object appears in front of the items added in the start tab.
39. Drag the Rectangle box overlay to the page.
40. Verify the Rectangle box appears in front of the items added in the start tab.
41. Click the Wrong tab.
42. Drag an Image Overlay to the page.
43. Verify the Image overlay appears in front of the items added in the start tab.
44. Drag an Video Overlay to the page.
45. Verify the Video appears in front of the items added in the start tab.
46. Drag an GIF object to the page.
47. Verify the GIF object appears in front of the items added in the start tab.
48. Drag the Rectangle box overlay to the page.
49. Verify the Rectangle box appears in front of the items added in the start tab.
50. Click the Add Page button.
51. Verify the Add Page dialog box opens.
52. Click the ‘Drag Sounds to Words’ page.
53. Click the Add Page button.
54. Verify 'Drag Sounds to Words' is added.
55. Click the Correct tab.
56. Drag an Image Overlay to the page.
57. Verify the Image overlay appears in front of the items added in the start tab.
58. Drag an Video Overlay to the page.
59. Verify the Video appears in front of the items added in the start tab.
60. Drag an GIF object to the page.
61. Verify the GIF object appears in front of the items added in the start tab.
62. Drag the Rectangle box overlay to the page.
63. Verify the Rectangle box appears in front of the items added in the start tab.
64. Click the Wrong tab.
65. Drag an Image Overlay to the page.
66. Verify the Image overlay appears in front of the items added in the start tab.
67. Drag an Video Overlay to the page.
68. Verify the Video appears in front of the items added in the start tab.
69. Drag an GIF object to the page.
70. Verify the GIF object appears in front of the items added in the start tab.
71. Drag the Rectangle box overlay to the page.
72. Verify the Rectangle box appears in front of the items added in the start tab.
73. Click the Add Page button.
74. Verify the Add Page dialog box opens.
75. Click the ‘Order Words’ page.
76. Click the Add Page button.
77. Verify 'Order Words' is added.
78. Click the Correct tab.
79. Drag an Image Overlay to the page.
80. Verify the Image overlay appears in front of the items added in the start tab.
81. Drag an Video Overlay to the page.
82. Verify the Video appears in front of the items added in the start tab.
83. Drag an GIF object to the page.
84. Verify the GIF object appears in front of the items added in the start tab.
85. Drag the Rectangle box overlay to the page.
86. Verify the Rectangle box appears in front of the items added in the start tab.
87. Click the Wrong tab.
88. Drag an Image Overlay to the page.
89. Verify the Image overlay appears in front of the items added in the start tab.
90. Drag an Video Overlay to the page.
91. Verify the Video appears in front of the items added in the start tab.
92. Drag an GIF object to the page.
93. Verify the GIF object appears in front of the items added in the start tab.
94. Drag the Rectangle box overlay to the page.
95. Verify the Rectangle box appears in front of the items added in the start tab.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the eBook.
3. Close Bloom application.
