---
id: 594
title: "Publish to video when book has audio"
description: "[6.1 regression] can't publish to video when book has audio, (BL-14227)"
issues:
  - [BL-14227](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-14227)
created: 2025-05-19
last-modified: 2025-10-29
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
10. Enter "https://bloomlibrary.org/talking-books/book/4lkWVWdBMV?lang=ajz" in the Search box.
11. Verify the 'Ahi Asang' book opens in the blorg.
12. Click the 'Translate into your language' button.
13. Verify the 'Downloading book' progress bar appears.
14. Click the OK button .
15. Verify the book opens in the Bloom Editor.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button.
2. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
3. Click the Publish tab.
4. Click the 'Audio or Video' button.
5. Verify 'Publish as Audio or Video' page opens.
6. Click the Format dropdown list box.
7. Verify the list box opens.
8. Click the 'YouTube' option.
9. Click the Preview button.
10. Verify 'Creating Digital Book' progress dialog opens.
11. Verify the book appears in the Preview.
12. Click the 'Record' button.
13. Verify the 'Recording in Progress..' dialog open for a while.
14. Verify the 'Play Recording' button gets enabled.
15. Click the 'Play Recording' button.
16. Verify the book opens in the Video player.
17. Verify the video plays with audio.
18. Click the Save button.
19. Verify the 'Save as' dialog box opens.
20. Enter 'Test book 1' in the book name text box.
21. Click the OK button.
22. Verify the book is saved in the documents folder.
23. Click the Format dropdown list box.
24. Verify the list box opens.
25. Select the 'Facebook' option.
26. Click the Preview button.
27. Verify 'Creating Digital Book' progress dialog opens.
28. Verify the book appears in the Preview.
29. Click the 'Record' button.
30. Verify the 'Recording in Progress..' dialog open for a while.
31. Verify the 'Play Recording' button gets enabled.
32. Click the 'Play Recording' button.
33. Verify the book opens in the Video player.
34. Verify the video plays with audio.
35. Click the Save button.
36. Verify the 'Save as' dialog box opens.
37. Enter 'Test book 2' in the book name text box.
38. Click the OK button.
39. Verify the book is saved in the documents folder.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete ‘Ahi Asang’ book.
3. Close Bloom application.
