---
id: 596
title: "Don't let background images respond to keyboard"
description: "Don't let background images respond to keyboard (BL-14737 )"
issues:
  - https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-14737
created: 2025-05-19
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click an eBook.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
4. Click the Add Page button.
5. Verify the Add Page dialog box opens.
6. Click the “Choose Image from Word”  page.
7. Click the Add Page button.
8. Verify 'Choose Image from Word' is added.
9. Click on the first image box.
10. Verify Change Image button appears.
11. Click the Change Image button.
12. Verify Image Toolbox dialog opens.
13. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
14. Press the Enter key.
15. Verify the Car images appear on the preview pane.
16. Select any of the car images.
17. Click the OK button.
18. Verify the Car image is added in the Image box.
19. Press the 'Up' arrow key for 5 times.
20. Press the 'Down' arrow key.
21. Use the right, left, up and down keys.
22. Verify the image should not respond to keyboard keys. (ie., the image should not shrink)
23. Click the Add Page button.
24. Verify the Add Page dialog box opens.
25. Click the “Just a Picture”  page.
26. Click the Add Page button.
27. Verify 'Just a Picture' page is added.
28. Click the Change Image button.
29. Verify Image Toolbox dialog opens.
30. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
31. Press the Enter key.
32. Verify the Car images appear on the preview pane.
33. Select any of the car images.
34. Click the OK button.
35. Verify the Car image is added in the picture page.
36. Press the 'Up' arrow key for 5 times.
37. Press the 'Down' arrow key.
38. Use the right, left, up and down keys.
39. Verify the background image should not respond to keyboard keys. (ie., the image should not shrink)

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the eBook.
3. Close Bloom application.
