---
id: 597
title: "Comic bubbles migration"
description: "[6.2 regression] in Comic bubbles migration"
issues:
  - [BL-14761](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-14761)
created: 2025-05-19
last-modified: 2025-10-06
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
10. Download the “Hannah and Asher go to the bookstore” book from the given link : https://bloomlibrary.org/my-books/book/1ayWSnUb1v
11. Verify the book opens in the Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the ‘MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE’ button.
2. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
3. Click Page 1.
4. Verify the bubbles of this old comic book show up correctly.
5. Click on any other pages. (eg., Page 5)
6. Verify the bubbles of this old comic book show up correctly.
7. Click the Close button.
8. Verify Bloom closes.
9. Download the book "The Drought" from the given link: https://bloomlibrary.org/book/vZ1Cp2YJ8x
10. Verify the books opens in the Bloom application.
11. Click the ‘MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE’ button.
12. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
13. Click Page 3.
14. Verify the bubbles of this old comic book show up correctly.
15. Click the Close button.
16. Verify Bloom closes.
17. Download the book “Hamza Overcomes” from the given link: https://bloomlibrary.org/Create-Seeds/book/UHuZOinEA3
18. Verify the books opens in the Bloom application.
19. Click the ‘MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE’ button.
20. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
21. Click on any comic page (eg., Page 6. )
22. Verify the bubbles of this old comic book show up correctly.
23. Click the Close button.
24. Verify Bloom closes.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription Code.
2. Delete “Hannah and Asher go to the bookstore” book.
3. Delete "The Drought" book.
4. Delete “Hamza Overcomes” book.
5. Close Bloom application.
