---
id: 60
title: "Publishing ePUB view"
description: "Test case for Publishing ePUB view"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-09
last-modified: 2025-08-28
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Right click on the Bloom Standard toolbar.
3. Verify an option menu appears.
4. Click the ‘Start Measuring Performance’ option.
5. Verify ‘Bloom Performance Measurement’ page opens in a browser window.
6. Click the Minimize button of the browser window.
7. Verify the browser window minimizes.
8. Click the Settings button.
9. Verify Settings dialog opens.
10. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
11. Type 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription Code text box.
12. Click the Restart button.
13. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click 'The Moon and the Cap' shell book under the Sample Shells pane.
2. Verify the book in the Edit view.
3. Click the Publish tab.
4. Click the ePUB button.
5. Verify 'Publish as ePUB' view opens.
6. Click 'see our research and recommendations' link under Notes pane.
7. Verify Limitations of ePUB Readers page opens in a browser.  (in the following link :'https://docs.bloomlibrary.org/ePUB-notes/' )
8. Click the close button.
9. Verify the browser window closes.
10. Click the 'Some Bloom features' link button under Notes pane.
11. Verify it opens the ePUB Help topic window.
12. Click the Close button.
13. Verify the ePUB Help topic window closes.
14. Click the Accessibility Checker link.
15. Verify Bloom Accessibility Checker dialog opens.
16. Click the Close button.
17. Verify the Accessibility Checker window closes.
18. Click the Book Metadata link.
19. Verify Book Metadata dialog opens.
20. Click the OK button.
21. Verify the Book Metadata window closes.
22. Click 'About ePUBs' link.(which appears at the bottom right corner of the window)
23. Verify ePUB help topic opens.
24. Click the Close button.
25. Verify the ePUB Help topic window closes.
26. Click 'About ePUB Readers & Bloom' link.
27. Verify Limitations of ePUB Readers page opens in a browser.  (in the following link :'https://docs.bloomlibrary.org/ePUB-notes/' )
28. Click the close button.
29. Verify the browser window closes.
30. Click 'Publish tab tasks overview' link.
31. Verify 'Publish tab task overview' Help topic appears.
32. Click the close button.
33. Verify the Help topic closes.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete ‘The Moon and the Cap’ Book.
3. Close the Browser Window.
4. Close Bloom application.
