---
id: 600
title: "Centralize removing pages as needed for media and subscription"
description: "BL-14587 - Centralize removing pages as needed for media and subscription"
issues:
  - https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-14587
created: 2025-06-23
last-modified: 2025-10-08
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download mp3 music clips from the given link:  https://samplelib.com/sample-mp3.html (eg., sample-3s, sample-6s)to the Downloads folder.
2. Launch Bloom application
3. Click the Settings button.
4. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
5. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
6. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
7. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
8. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
9. Click the Restart button.
10. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click an eBook under Templates.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the Book opens in the edit mode.
4. Enter 'Test Book' in the Front Cover title box.
5. Click the Credits page.
6. Click the 'Needs Copyright' button.
7. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
8. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder name box.
9. Click the OK button.
10. Click the Add page button.
11. Verify the Add page dialog opens.
12. Click 'Just a Picture' template.
13. Click the Add Page button.
14. Verify the Picture page is added.
15. Click the Change Image button.
16. Verify the Image toolbox opens.
17. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
18. Press the Enter key.
19. Verify the Car images appear on the preview pane.
20. Select a Car image.
21. Click the OK button.
22. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
23. Click the Hamburger button.
24. Verify the More menu opens.
25. Select the 'Overlay' checkbox.
26. Verify the Overlay checkbox is enabled.
27. Drag 'Speech' bubble overlay over the picture.
28. Drop 'Speech' bubble overlay on the picture.
29. Click the Add page button.
30. Verify the Add page dialog opens.
31. Click 'Just a Picture' template.
32. Click the Add Page button.
33. Verify the Picture page is added.
34. Click the Change Image button.
35. Verify the Image toolbox opens.
36. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
37. Press the Enter key.
38. Verify the Car images appear on the preview pane.
39. Select a Car image.
40. Click the OK button.
41. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
42. Click the Publish tab.
43. Click the PDF & Print button.
44. Verify the Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
45. Click the Simple mode under the Booklet Mode label.
46. Verify all pages are included.
47. Click the Publish tab.
48. Click the Web button.
49. Verify the Publish to Web view opens.
50. Check all the three checkboxes under Agreements.
51. Click 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
52. Verify it opens the Sign In / Sign Up dialog.
53. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
54. Enter the registered email (with bloom) in the Email text box. (eg., shawn@eth.net)
55. Click the Next button.
56. Enter valid password in the password text box.
57. Click the Sign In button.
58. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button appears on the Publish to Web view.
59. Click 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button
60. Wait for a few seconds.
61. Click VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button.
62. Verify the book opens in the blorg. (ie., dev.bloomlibrary.org).
63. Click the READ button.
64. Verify the book opens in Bloom Player.
65. Navigate to all pages.
66. Verify all pages included.
67. Click the Close button.
68. Verify the blorg site is closed.
69. Click the Publish tab.
70. Click the BloomPUB button.
71. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
72. Click the Preview button.
73. Navigate to all pages.
74. Verify all pages included.
75. Click the ePUB button.
76. Verify Publish as ePUB view opens.
77. Click the Preview button.
78. Navigate to all pages.
79. Verify all pages included.
80. Click the Audio/Video button.
81. Click the Preview button.
82. Click the Play button.
83. Verify all pages are included.
84. Click the Collections tab.
85. Verify the Collections view opens.
86. Click the Settings button.
87. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
88. Click the Subscription tab.
89. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
90. Delete the Subscription code in the Subscription box.
91. Click the Restart button.
92. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
93. Click the Publish tab.
94. Verify a warning message 'Feature Requires Higher Subscription Tier' appears with 'Subscription Settings' button.
95. Click the Collections tab.
96. Verify Collections view opens.
97. Click the Settings button.
98. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
99. Click the Subscription tab.
100. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
101. Click the Restart button.
102. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
103. Click an eBook under Templates.
104. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
105. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
106. Enter 'Test Book2' in the Front cover title box.
107. Click the Credits page.
108. Click the 'Needs Copyright' button.
109. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
110. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder name box.
111. Click the OK button.
112. Click the 'Device 16x9 Landscape' option from the toolbar.
113. Verify the layout list box opens.
114. Select 'Device 16x9 Portrait' option.
115. Verify the page layout is changed to Portrait layout.
116. Click the Add page button.
117. Verify the Add page dialog opens.
118. Click the 'Basic Text & Picture' template.
119. Click the Add Page button.
120. Verify the 'Basic Text & Picture' page is added.
121. Select the picture pane.
122. Click the Change Image button.
123. Verify the Image toolbox opens.
124. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
125. Press the Enter key.
126. Verify the Car images appear on the preview pane.
127. Select a Car image.
128. Click the OK button.
129. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
130. Click on the text box.
131. Enter 'This is a car.' in the text box.
132. Click the Hamburger button.
133. Verify the TBT menu opens.
134. Verify the full text and get selected.
135. Press and hold the 3)Speak button.
136. Record the full text (eg., This is a car) using Microphone.
137. Verify the 4)Check button is enabled.
138. Click the 4)Check button.
139. Verify the Audio plays.
140. Select the Picture pane.
141. Click the More..options under TBT menu.
142. Select 'Motion Tool' checkbox.
143. Verify 2 rectangle boxes appearing on the image.
144. Click the Preview button.
145. Verify the Motion plays.
146. Click the More..options.
147. Select the 'Music Tool' checkbox.
148. Verify the Music Tool menu opens.
149. Select Start new music radio button.
150. Click the 'Choose' button.
151. Verify the Open dialog appears.
152. Click the Downloads option from the right pane.
153. Verify the Downloads folder appears.
154. Select 'sample.mp3' file.
155. Click the Open button.
156. Verify the MP3 file appears with the Play button.
157. Click the Play button.
158. Verify the music plays.
159. Click the Add page button.
160. Verify the Add page dialog opens.
161. Click the 'Drag Images to Targets' games pages.
162. Click the Add page button.
163. Verify the game page is added.
164. Click the Add page button.
165. Verify the Add page dialog opens.
166. Click the 'Widget Page' game page.
167. Click the Add page button.
168. Verify the Widget page is added.
169. Click the Collections tab.
170. Verify the Collections view opens.
171. Click the Settings button.
172. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
173. Click the Subscription tab.
174. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
175. Delete the subscription code in the Subscription box.
176. Click the Restart button.
177. Click the Publish tab.
178. Click the PDF & Print button.
179. Verify the PDF & Print view opens.
180. Click the 'Simple' mode.
181. Verify the game page and widget page are (silently) removed.
182. Click the Web button.
183. Click the Upload button.
184. Check all the three checkboxes under Agreements.
185. Click 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
186. Verify it opens the Sign In / Sign Up dialog.
187. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
188. Enter the registered email (with bloom) in the Email text box. (eg., shawn@eth.net)
189. Click the Next button.
190. Enter valid password in the password text box.
191. Click the Sign In button.
192. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button appears on the Publish to Web view.
193. Click 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button
194. Verify the log message 'Removing one or more pages which requires a higher subscription tier' appears on the screen.
195. Wait for a few seconds.
196. Verify  VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button appears on the screen.
197. Click the BloomPUB button.
198. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
199. Click the Preview button.
200. Verify Creating Digital Book dialog opens.
201. Verify a log message 'Removing one or more pages which requires a higher subscription tier' should appear on the 'Creating Digital Book' dialog.
202. Click the Close button.
203. Click on the ePUB button.
204. Verify "This feature requires a Bloom subscription tier of at least "Pro"" with Bloom Subscription Settings button. (ie., this feature is blocked)
205. Click on the Audio or Video button.
206. Verify "This feature requires a Bloom subscription tier of at least "Pro"" with Bloom Subscription Settings button. (ie., this feature is blocked)

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the sample-3s music file.
2. Delete the Subscription code.
3. Delete the eBook.
4. Close Bloom application.
