---
id: 601
title: "Assign features to tiers (Basic Plan Test)"
description: "BL-14462 - Assign features to tiers (Basic Plan Test)"
issues:
  - https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-14462
created: 2025-06-29
last-modified: 2025-10-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Click the 'Other Collection' button.
2. Verify 'Open/Create Collections' dialog opens.
3. Click the 'Create New Collection' button.
4. Verify 'Create New Bloom Collection'  dialog opens.
5. Enter 'Tamil' in the Search box.
6. Verify Tamil language bar appears.
7. Click the Tamil language bar.
8. Verify 'Tamil' script box appears.
9. Click the 'Tamil' script box.
10. Click the Next button.
11. Verify Font and Script view appears.
12. Click the Next button.
13. Verify Give Language Location view appears.
14. Click the Next button.
15. Verify 'தமிழ் Books' appears as Collection Name.
16. Click the Next button.
17. Verify 'Ready to create New collection' pane appears.
18. Click the Finish button.
19. Verify a new collection 'தமிழ் Books' appears on the Collections view.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Click the Add page button.
6. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
7. Select 'Basic Text & Picture' template.
8. Click the Add page button.
9. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
10. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
11. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
12. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
13. Press the Enter key.
14. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
15. Click any of the Car images.
16. Click the OK button.
17. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
18. Enter ‘This is a Car’ in the text box.
19. Click the Hamburger button.
20. Verify the TBT menu opens.
21. Click the Advanced button.
22. Verify the Advanced menu opens.
23. Verify ‘Subscription’ icon appears near “By Whole Text Box” recording mode and the button is disabled (greyed out).
24. Click the More...option under the TBT menu.
25. Verify More..menu opens.
26. Select 'Motion Tool' checkbox.
27. Verify 'This feature requires a Bloom subscription tier of at least "Pro"" message appears with 'Bloom Subscription Settings' button.
28. Click the More...option under the TBT menu.
29. Verify More..menu opens.
30. Select 'Music Tool' checkbox.
31. Verify 'This feature requires a Bloom subscription tier of at least "Pro"" message appears with 'Bloom Subscription Settings' button.
32. Click the More...option under the TBT menu.
33. Verify More..menu opens.
34. Select 'Overlay Tool' checkbox.
35. Verify 'This feature requires a Bloom subscription tier of at least "Pro"" message appears with 'Bloom Subscription Settings' button.
36. Click the Collections tab.
37. Verify the Collections view opens.
38. Click the Settings button.
39. Verify Settings dialog opens.
40. Click the 'Advanced Program Settings' tab.
41. Verify the Subscription icon appears near the Team Collections check box.
42. Select the 'Team Collections' check box.
43. Click the Restart button.
44. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
45. Click the Settings button.
46. Verify Settings dialog opens.
47. Click the 'Team Collection' tab.
48. Verify 'This feature requires a Bloom subscription tier of at least "Pro"" message appears with 'Bloom Subscription Settings' button.
49. Click the OK button.
50. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
51. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
52. Click the Book Settings button.
53. Verify the Book Settings dialog opens.
54. Click the Cover option.
55. Verify a Subscription icon appears with a message "Feature Requires Higher Subscription Tier"
56. Click the OK button.
57. Click the Add Page button.
58. Verify the Add page dialog opens.
59. Click any template under Games Pages.
60. Verify 'This feature requires a Bloom subscription tier of at least "Pro"" message appears with 'Bloom Subscription Settings' button.
61. Click any template under Paper Comic Book Pages.
62. Verify 'This feature requires a Bloom subscription tier of at least "Pro"" message appears with 'Bloom Subscription Settings' button.
63. Click any template under Digital Comic Book Pages.
64. Verify 'This feature requires a Bloom subscription tier of at least "Pro"" message appears with 'Bloom Subscription Settings' button.
65. Click the Close button.
66. Click the Publish tab.
67. Click the ePUB button.
68. Verify 'This feature requires a Bloom subscription tier of at least "Pro"" message appears with 'Bloom Subscription Settings' button.
69. Click the Audio or Video button.
70. Verify 'This feature requires a Bloom subscription tier of at least "Pro"" message appears with 'Bloom Subscription Settings' button.
71. Click the Close button.
72. Verify Bloom closes.
73. Download a motion book from the given link: https://dev.bloomlibrary.org/my-books/book/7lbm5E6qsF
74. Verify the book opens in Bloom application.
75. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
76. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
77. Click the Hamburger button to show the TBT menu. (if it is not open)
78. Verify the Front cover title gets highlighted.
79. Press and hold the 3)Speak button.
80. Record 'Motion book' using microphone.
81. Verify the 4)Check button is enabled.
82. Click the Motion Tool option.
83. Verify the Motion Tool is still in disabled state.
84. Click the Publish tab.
85. Click the BloomPUB button.
86. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
87. Verify Motion Book feature is checked.
88. Click the Preview button.
89. Verify Motion plays.
90. Click the Web button.
91. Verify Publish to Web view opens.
92. Click 'Click to fix' near Missing Title.
93. Verify Front cover title box opens.
94. Paste 'கதைகள்' in the text box.
95. Click the Credits Page.
96. Click Needs Copyright button.
97. Verify Copyright and License dialog open.
98. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder box.
99. Click the OK button.
100. Click the Publish tab.
101. Click the Web button.
102. Verify Publish to Web view opens.
103. Check all the three checkboxes under Agreements.
104. Click 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
105. Verify it opens the Sign In / Sign Up dialog.
106. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
107. Enter the registered email (with bloom) in the Email text box. (eg., shawn@eth.net)
108. Click the Next button.
109. Enter valid password in the password text box.
110. Click the Sign In button.
111. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button appears on the Publish to Web view.
112. Click 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button
113. Wait for a few seconds.
114. Click VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button.
115. Verify the book opens in the blorg. (ie., dev.bloomlibrary.org).
116. Click the READ button.
117. Verify the book opens in Bloom Player.
118. Navigate to all pages.
119. Verify the harvested book plays the book in motion.
120. Click the Close button.
121. Verify the blorg site closes.
122. Download a music book from the given link: https://dev.bloomlibrary.org/my-books/book/azDfvWZRwh
123. Verify the book opens in Bloom application.
124. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
125. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
126. Paste கதைகள் in the Front cover book title.
127. Verify the Music Tool is still disabled.
128. Click the Publish tab.
129. Click the BloomPUB button.
130. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
131. Click the Preview button.
132. Verify the Music Plays.
133. Click the Web button.
134. Verify Publish to Web view opens.
135. Click 'Click to fix' near Missing Copyright.
136. Verify Copyright and License dialog open.
137. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder box.
138. Click the OK button.
139. Check all the three checkboxes under Agreements.
140. Click 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
141. Verify it opens the Sign In / Sign Up dialog.
142. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
143. Enter the registered email (with bloom) in the Email text box. (eg., shawn@eth.net)
144. Click the Next button.
145. Enter valid password in the password text box.
146. Click the Sign In button.
147. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button appears on the Publish to Web view.
148. Click 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button
149. Wait for a few seconds.
150. Click VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button.
151. Verify the book opens in the blorg. (ie., dev.bloomlibrary.org).
152. Click the READ button.
153. Verify the book opens in Bloom Player.
154. Verify the harvested book plays the music.
155. Click the Close button.
156. Verify the blorg site closes.
157. Close Bloom application.
158. Download a Overlay book from the given link: https://dev.bloomlibrary.org/my-books/book/eySay96sEb
159. Verify the book opens in Bloom application.
160. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
161. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
162. Paste கதைகள் in the Front cover book title.
163. Click Page 2 thumbnail.
164. Enter 'Hello!' in the Speech bubble overlay in Page 2.
165. Verify the  Overlay Tool menu is still disabled.
166. Click the Publish tab.
167. Click the BloomPUB button.
168. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
169. Verify the Comic feature is ticked.
170. Click the Preview button.
171. Verify the page is not removed.
172. Click the Web button.
173. Verify Publish to Web view opens.
174. Click 'Click to fix' near Missing Copyright.
175. Verify Copyright and License dialog open.
176. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder box.
177. Click the OK button.
178. Click the Publish tab.
179. Click the Web button.
180. Verify Publish to Web view opens.
181. Check all the three checkboxes under Agreements.
182. Click 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
183. Verify it opens the Sign In / Sign Up dialog.
184. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
185. Enter the registered email (with bloom) in the Email text box. (eg., shawn@eth.net)
186. Click the Next button.
187. Enter valid password in the password text box.
188. Click the Sign In button.
189. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button appears on the Publish to Web view.
190. Click 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button
191. Wait for a few seconds.
192. Click VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button.
193. Verify the book opens in the blorg. (ie., dev.bloomlibrary.org).
194. Click the READ button.
195. Verify the book opens in Bloom Player.
196. Verify the harvested book shows the Overlay page correctly.
197. Click the Close button.
198. Verify the blorg site closes.
199. Close Bloom application.
200. Download the game book from the given link: https://dev.bloomlibrary.org/my-books/book/cRg1PBeurI
201. Verify the book opens in Bloom application.
202. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
203. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
204. Paste கதைகள் in the Front cover book title.
205. Click Page 2 thumbnail.
206. Verify the game page opens.
207. Paste 'மரியாதை ராமன்' in the Title box.
208. Verify the Game tool is still disabled.
209. Click the Publish tab.
210. Click the BloomPUB button.
211. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
212. Verify the Game feature is ticked.
213. Click the Preview button.
214. Verify the pages are not removed.
215. Click the Web button.
216. Verify Publish to Web view opens.
217. Click 'Click to fix' near Missing Copyright.
218. Verify Copyright and License dialog open.
219. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder box.
220. Click the OK button.
221. Click the Publish tab.
222. Click the Web button.
223. Verify Publish to Web view opens.
224. Check all the three checkboxes under Agreements.
225. Click 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
226. Verify it opens the Sign In / Sign Up dialog.
227. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
228. Enter the registered email (with bloom) in the Email text box. (eg., shawn@eth.net)
229. Click the Next button.
230. Enter valid password in the password text box.
231. Click the Sign In button.
232. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button appears on the Publish to Web view.
233. Click 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button
234. Wait for a few seconds.
235. Click VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button.
236. Verify the book opens in the blorg. (ie., dev.bloomlibrary.org).
237. Click the READ button.
238. Verify the book opens in Bloom Player.
239. Verify the harvested book shows two game pages correctly.
240. Click the Close button.
241. Verify the blorg site closes.
242. Close Bloom application.
243. Download for translation a widget book from the given link : https://bloomlibrary.org/activities/books-with-widgets
244. Verify the Books with Widgets (Html5 Activities) page opens.
245. Select any book from this web page. (eg., hhttps://bloomlibrary.org/activities/books-with-widgets/book/ImfFNhoXPJ)
246. Download the book. (eg., Samoan Money Game)
247. Verify the book opens in Bloom application.
248. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
249. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
250. Paste கதைகள் in the Front cover book title.
251. Click Page 2 thumbnail.
252. Verify the page 2 opens.
253. Paste 'மரியாதை ராமன்' in the Content box.
254. Click the Publish tab.
255. Click the BloomPUB button.
256. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
257. Click the Preview button.
258. Verify 'Removing one or more pages which require a higher subscription tier 1 Captive Widget Page' message appears in Creating Digital Book dialog.
259. Click the Close button.
260. Click the Web button.
261. Verify Publish to Web view opens.
262. Click 'Click to fix' near Missing Copyright.
263. Verify Copyright and License dialog open.
264. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder box.
265. Click the OK button.
266. Click the Publish tab.
267. Click the Web button.
268. Verify Publish to Web view opens.
269. Check all the three checkboxes under Agreements.
270. Click 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
271. Verify it opens the Sign In / Sign Up dialog.
272. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
273. Enter the registered email (with bloom) in the Email text box. (eg., shawn@eth.net)
274. Click the Next button.
275. Enter valid password in the password text box.
276. Click the Sign In button.
277. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button appears on the Publish to Web view.
278. Click 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button
279. Wait for a few seconds.
280. Click VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button.
281. Verify the book opens in the blorg. (ie., dev.bloomlibrary.org).
282. Click the READ button.
283. Verify the book opens in Bloom Player.
284. Verify the harvested book has no widget page in the book.
285. Click the Close button.
286. Verify the blorg site closes.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic book.
2. Close Bloom application.
