---
id: 602
title: "Assign features to tiers (Subscription Downgrade - Motion & Music)"
description: "BL-14462 - Assign features to tiers (Subscription Downgrade - Motion & Music)"
issues:
  - [BL-14462](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-14462)
created: 2025-06-29
last-modified: 2025-10-08
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Click the 'Other Collection' button.
2. Verify 'Open/Create Collections' dialog opens.
3. Click the 'Create New Collection' button.
4. Verify 'Create New Bloom Collection'  dialog opens.
5. Enter 'Tamil' in the Search box.
6. Verify Tamil language bar appears.
7. Click the Tamil language bar.
8. Verify 'Tamil' script box appears.
9. Click the 'Tamil' script box.
10. Click the Next button.
11. Verify Font and Script view appears.
12. Click the Next button.
13. Verify Give Language Location view appears.
14. Click the Next button.
15. Verify 'தமிழ் Books' appears as Collection Name.
16. Click the Next button.
17. Verify 'Ready to create New collection' pane appears.
18. Click the Finish button.
19. Verify a new collection 'தமிழ் Books' appears on the Collections view.
20. Launch Bloom application
21. Click the Settings button.
22. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
23. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
24. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
25. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
26. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
27. Click the Restart button.
28. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click an eBook under Templates.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Click '16x9 Landscape' page layout combo from bloom toolbar.
6. Change the layout option to 'Device 16x9 Portrait' mode.
7. Verify the book layout is changed to Portrait mode.
8. Click the Add page button.
9. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
10. Select 'Just a Picture' template.
11. Click the Add page button.
12. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
13. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
14. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
15. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
16. Press the Enter key.
17. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
18. Click any of the Car images.
19. Click the OK button.
20. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
21. Click the Hamburger button.
22. Verify the TBT menu opens.
23. Click the More..option under TBT menu.
24. Verify the More..menu opens.
25. Select the 'Motion Tool' check box.
26. Verify 2 rectangle boxes appear over the picture.
27. Click the Preview button.
28. Verify the Motion plays.
29. Click the Front cover page.
30. Click the More..option.
31. Select Music Tool check box.
32. Click the 'Start new music' radio button.
33. Click the Choose link button.
34. Verify the Open dialog appears.
35. Click the Downloads option.
36. Verify the Downloads folder appears.
37. Click the xxxxxxx.mp3 file.
38. Click the Open button.
39. Verify the xxxxxx.mp3 file is added.
40. Click the Collections tab.
41. Verify the Collections view opens.
42. Click the Settings button.
43. Verify the Settings dialog appears.
44. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
45. Delete the Subscription.
46. Click the Restart button.
47. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
48. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
49. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
50. Verify Motion tool is disabled.
51. Click the Publish tab.
52. Click the BloomPUB button.
53. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
54. Verify Motion Feature is not ticked.
55. Click the Preview button.
56. Verify 'The feature "Background Music" was removed from this book because it requires a higher subscription tier' message appears in the Creating Digital Book dialog.
57. Click the Close button.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic Book.
2. Close Bloom application.
