---
id: 603
title: "Assign features to tiers (Subscription Downgrade - Games)"
description: "BL-14462 - Assign features to tiers (Subscription Downgrade - Games)"
issues:
  - https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-14462
created: 2025-06-29
last-modified: 2025-10-08
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Click the 'Other Collection' button.
2. Verify 'Open/Create Collections' dialog opens.
3. Click the 'Create New Collection' button.
4. Verify 'Create New Bloom Collection'  dialog opens.
5. Enter 'Tamil' in the Search box.
6. Verify Tamil language bar appears.
7. Click the Tamil language bar.
8. Verify 'Tamil' script box appears.
9. Click the 'Tamil' script box.
10. Click the Next button.
11. Verify Font and Script view appears.
12. Click the Next button.
13. Verify Give Language Location view appears.
14. Click the Next button.
15. Verify 'தமிழ் Books' appears as Collection Name.
16. Click the Next button.
17. Verify 'Ready to create New collection' pane appears.
18. Click the Finish button.
19. Verify a new collection 'தமிழ் Books' appears on the Collections view.
20. Launch Bloom application
21. Click the Settings button.
22. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
23. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
24. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
25. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
26. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
27. Click the Restart button.
28. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click an eBook under Templates.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Click the Add page button.
6. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
7. Select 'Match Word with Image' template under Games pages.
8. Click the Add page button.
9. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
10. Click the Collections tab.
11. Verify the Collections view opens.
12. Click the Settings button.
13. Verify the Settings dialog appears.
14. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
15. Delete the Subscription.
16. Click the Restart button.
17. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
18. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
19. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
20. Verify the Game tool is disabled.
21. Click the Publish tab.
22. Click the BloomPUB button.
23. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
24. Verify Game Feature is not ticked.
25. Click the Preview button.
26. Verify 'Removing one or more pages which require a higher subscription tier 1 Match Word with Image' message appears in Creating Digital Book dialog.
27. Click the Close button.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the eBook.
2. Close Bloom application.
