---
id: 604
title: "Assign features to tiers (Subscription Downgrade - Overlay)"
description: "BL-14462 - Assign features to tiers (Subscription Downgrade - Overlay)"
issues:
  - https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-14462
created: 2025-06-29
last-modified: 2025-10-08
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Click the 'Other Collection' button.
2. Verify 'Open/Create Collections' dialog opens.
3. Click the 'Create New Collection' button.
4. Verify 'Create New Bloom Collection'  dialog opens.
5. Enter 'Tamil' in the Search box.
6. Verify Tamil language bar appears.
7. Click the Tamil language bar.
8. Verify 'Tamil' script box appears.
9. Click the 'Tamil' script box.
10. Click the Next button.
11. Verify Font and Script view appears.
12. Click the Next button.
13. Verify Give Language Location view appears.
14. Click the Next button.
15. Verify 'தமிழ் Books' appears as Collection Name.
16. Click the Next button.
17. Verify 'Ready to create New collection' pane appears.
18. Click the Finish button.
19. Verify a new collection 'தமிழ் Books' appears on the Collections view.
20. Launch Bloom application
21. Click the Settings button.
22. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
23. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
24. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
25. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
26. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
27. Click the Restart button.
28. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Collections tab.
2. Verify the Collections view opens.
3. Click the Settings button.
4. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
5. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
6. Enter Test-727011-1339 in the code.
7. Click the Restart button.
8. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
9. Click an eBook under Templates.
10. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
11. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
12. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
13. Click the Add page button.
14. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
15. Select 'Just a Picture' template under Games pages.
16. Click the Add page button.
17. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
18. Click the Hamburger button.
19. Verify the TBT menu opens.
20. Click the More..option under TBT menu.
21. Verify the More..menu opens.
22. Select 'Overlay Tool' check box.
23. Verify Overlay Tool menu opens.
24. Drag Speech bubble on to the Picture page.
25. Verify the Speech bubble appears on the picture page.
26. Click the Collections tab.
27. Verify the Collections view opens.
28. Click the Settings button.
29. Verify the Settings dialog appears.
30. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
31. Delete the Subscription.
32. Click the Restart button.
33. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
34. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
35. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
36. Verify the Overlay tool is disabled.
37. Click the Publish tab.
38. Verify the publishing is completely blocked.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the eBook.
2. Close Bloom application.
