---
id: 607
title: "Assign features to tiers (Enterprise Test)"
description: "BL-14462 - Assign features to tiers (Enterprise Test)"
issues:
  - [BL-14462](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-14462)
created: 2025-06-29
last-modified: 2025-10-09
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Click the 'Other Collection' button.
2. Verify 'Open/Create Collections' dialog opens.
3. Click the 'Create New Collection' button.
4. Verify 'Create New Bloom Collection'  dialog opens.
5. Enter 'Tamil' in the Search box.
6. Verify Tamil language bar appears.
7. Click the Tamil language bar.
8. Verify 'Tamil' script box appears.
9. Click the 'Tamil' script box.
10. Click the Next button.
11. Verify Font and Script view appears.
12. Click the Next button.
13. Verify Give Language Location view appears.
14. Click the Next button.
15. Verify 'தமிழ் Books' appears as Collection Name.
16. Click the Next button.
17. Verify 'Ready to create New collection' pane appears.
18. Click the Finish button.
19. Verify a new collection 'தமிழ் Books' appears on the Collections view.
20. Launch Bloom application
21. Click the Settings button.
22. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
23. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
24. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
25. Enter 'WorldVision(International)-006053-3468' in the Subscription code.
26. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
27. Click the Restart button.
28. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click an eBook under Templates.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Click the Add page button.
6. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
7. Select 'Basic Text & Picture' template.
8. Click the Add page button.
9. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
10. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
11. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
12. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
13. Press the Enter key.
14. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
15. Click any of the Car images.
16. Click the OK button.
17. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
18. Enter 'This is a Car' in the text pane.
19. Click the Hamburger button.
20. Verify the TBT menu opens.
21. Click the Advanced button.
22. Verify Subscription icon appears near "By Whole Text Box"
23. Verify "Import Recording.." option is enabled.
24. Click the More..option under TBT menu.
25. Verify the More..menu opens.
26. Verify Motion Tool shows Subscription icon.
27. Verify Music Tool shows Subscription icon.
28. Verify Overlay Tool shows Subscription icon.
29. Select the Motion Tool check box.
30. Verify the Motion Tool menu opens.
31. Verify the 2 rectangles appear on the image.
32. Click the More..option under TBT menu.
33. Verify the More..menu opens.
34. Select Music Tool check box.
35. Verify the Music Tool menu opens.
36. Click the More..option under TBT menu.
37. Verify the More..menu opens.
38. Select Overlay Tool check box.
39. Verify Overlay Tool menu opens.
40. Click the Collections tab.
41. Verify the Collections view appears.
42. Click the Settings button.
43. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
44. Click the Team Collection tab.
45. Verify the Team Collection feature is available.
46. Click the Cancel button.
47. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
48. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
49. Click the Book Settings button.
50. Verify Book Settings dialog opens.
51. Click the Cover tab.
52. Select the Front Cover check box.
53. Verify the front cover check box is enabled.
54. Click the Cancel button.
55. Verify Book Settings dialog closes.
56. Click the Add Page button.
57. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
58. Select a template under Games Pages. (eg., Match Word with Image)
59. Click the Add Page button.
60. Verify the game page is added.
61. Click the Add Page button.
62. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
63. Select Comic template under Digital Comic Book Pages.
64. Click the Add Page button.
65. Verify the comic page is added.
66. Click the Add Page button.
67. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
68. Select Comic Full Page under Paper Comic Book Pages.
69. Click the Add Page button.
70. Verify the comic page is added.
71. Click the Add Page button.
72. Verify the Add Page dialog opens
73. Select 'Widget page' template under Games Pages.
74. Click the Add Page button.
75. Verify the Widget page is added.
76. Click the Publish tab.
77. Click the PDF & Print button.
78. Verify Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
79. Click the Simple mode under Booklet Mode.
80. Click the Web button.
81. Verify Publish to Web view opens.
82. Verify Motion Book feature is enabled.
83. Click the BloomPUB button.
84. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
85. Click the Preview button.
86. Verify the Motion plays.
87. Click the ePUB button.
88. Verify Publish as ePUB view opens.
89. Click the Preview button.
90. Verify Creating ePUB..dialog opens.
91. Click the Close button.
92. Click the Audio or Video button.
93. Verify Publish as Audio or Video view opens.
94. Click the Preview button.
95. Click the Play button.
96. Verify the book appears in the Preview pane.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the eBook.
3. Close Bloom application.
