---
id: 608
title: "Duplicated GIF box brings up wrong file chooser"
description: "BL-15037: Duplicated GIF box brings up wrong file chooser"
issues:
  - https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-15037
created: 2025-09-02
last-modified: 2025-09-02
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click an eBook.
2. Verify 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button available on the right pane.
3. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
5. Click the Add Page button.
6. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
7. Click the 'Custom Game' page.
8. Click the Add Page button.
9. Verify the Custom Game page is added.
10. Click on the 'GIF' object from the Game Tool menu.
11. Drag and drop the 'GIF' object on the custom game page.
12. Click the ellipse button on the GIF object.
13. Verify the pop up menu opens.
14. Click 'Choose image from your computer..' option.
15. Verify the 'Open' dialog opens.
16. Click on any .gif image (eg., 'Sample.gif').
17. Click the 'Open' button.
18. Verify the GIF image appears in the GIF container.
19. Click the 'Duplicate' button of the GIF object.
20. Verify another copy of the GIF image object appears on the page.
21. Click the ellipse button on the duplicated GIF object.
22. Verify the pop up menu opens.
23. Click 'Choose image from your computer..' option.
24. Verify the 'Open' dialog opens.
25. Click on any of .gif image (eg.,  'Sample2.gif').
26. Click the 'Open' button.
27. Verify the GIF image appears in the GIF container.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the eBook.
3. Close Bloom application.
