---
id: 609
title: "Paste into book rename is broken"
description: "BL-15034: Paste into book rename is broken"
issues:
  - https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-15034
created: 2025-09-02
last-modified: 2025-09-02
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button available on the right pane.
3. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
5. Click the Add Page button.
6. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
7. Click the 'Basic Text & Picture' template.
8. Click the Add Page button.
9. Verify the Basic Text & Picture page is added.
10. Click the Front Cover book thumbnail.
11. Verify the Front Cover page opens.
12. Enter 'Test Book' in the Title box.
13. Click the Collections tab.
14. Verify the book name 'Test Book' appears under the Book collections pane.
15. Right click on the book thumbnail.
16. Verify a pop up menu opens.
17. Click the 'Rename Book...' option.
18. Verify the book name text box appears with edit mode.
19. Open the Notepad application.
20. Verify the Notepad application opens.
21. Enter a text 'At the Market' in the Notepad.
22. Press Ctrl+A to select the text.
23. Press Ctrl+C to copy the text.
24. Click on the book name text box.
25. Press Ctrl+V to paste the text.
26. Press the Enter key.
27. Verify the book name is changed to 'At the Market' in the text box.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription Code
2. Delete the basic book.
3. Close Bloom application.
