---
id: 61
title: "Collections tab"
description: "Test case for Collections tab"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-09
last-modified: 2025-09-05
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the 'Other Collection' button from the toolbar
2. Verify that 'Open/Create Collections' dialog opens
3. Click the 'Create New Collection' button
4. Verify that 'Create New Bloom Collection' dialog opens
5. Enter the text 'en' in the search bar
6. Verify list of languages appeared under the search bar
7. Select 'English' language from the list
8. Click the 'Next' button
9. Verify that 'Font and Script' dialog appeared
10. Click the 'Next' button
11. Verify 'Give Language Location' dialog appeared
12. Click the 'Next Button
13. Verify 'Collection Name' dialog appeared with the text box
14. Enter the text 'English Books' in the Text box
15. Click the 'Next' button
16. Verify "Ready To Create New Collection" dialog appeared
17. Click the 'Finish' button
18. Verify that the Bloom application restart automatically
19. Verify that 'English Books" Collection is created and appeared on the top left side of the bloom editor
20. Verify that 'Collections' tab appeared on the toolbar
21. Click the 'Basic Book' template under 'Sources For New Books' pane
22. Verify that the ‘Basic Book’ template is opened in the preview mode
23. Click on the “MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE”
24. Verify that the ‘Basic Book’ template is opened in the edit mode
25. Verify that new tabs, Edit and Publish, are available on the toolbar
26. Click the Publish tab
27. Click the 'Web' button at the left pane
28. Verify that "Publish to Web" section opened
29. Click on the "Edit" tab
30. Verify that the "Edit" tab opens successfully without any errors or application freezes
31. Click on the "Collections" tab
32. Verify that the "Collections" tab opens successfully without any errors or application freezes

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the new book.
2. Close Bloom application.
