---
id: 610
title: "Add right/wrong sound controls to quiz and simple choice games"
description: "Add right/wrong sound controls to quiz and simple choice games (BL-15278)"
issues:
  - [BL-15278](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-15278)
created: 2025-10-31
last-modified: 2025-10-31
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Connect the Android mobile (with Bloom Reader installed) to the computer.
2. Download the latest BloomPUB Viewer from the given link : https://bloomlibrary.org/page/resources/bloompub-viewer
3. Download Sample .mp3 files from the given link : https://samplelib.com/sample-mp3.html (into downloads folder)
4. Launch Bloom application
5. Click the Settings button.
6. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
7. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
8. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
9. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
10. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
11. Click the Restart button.
12. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book under Templates.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
4. Enter ‘Sound Controls on Quiz and Simple Choice games’ in the Front cover title box.
5. Click the Credits Page.
6. Click Needs Copyright button.
7. Verify Copyright and License dialog open.
8. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder box.
9. Click the OK button.
10. Click the Add Page button.
11. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
12. Select the "Comprehension Quiz" template under Games Pages.
13. Click the Add page button.
14. Verify the Picture page is added.
15. Verify a Game Tool menu appears on the right most pane.
16. Hover the mouse over the Theme (i) icon.
17. Verify "Learn More" hyperlink appears.
18. Click the "Learn More" hyperlink button.
19. Verify it opens the corresponding page. (eg., https://docs.bloomlibrary.org/custom-game-theme/)
20. Close the (Help) browser window.
21. Click on the 'Put a comprehension question here' text box.
22. Enter 'What is the capital of India?'
23. Click on the First answer text box.
24. Enter 'Mumbai' in the First answer text box.
25. Enter 'Calcutta' in the Second answer text box.
26. Enter 'Delhi' in the Third answer text box.
27. Enter 'Chennai' in the Fourth answer text box.
28. Enter 'Bangalore' in the Fifth answer text box.
29. Enter 'All the above' in the Sixth answer text box.
30. Select 'Delhi' checkbox.
31. Verify the 'Default' sound option appears under 'Correct Sound' combo box.
32. Verify the 'Default' sound option appears under 'Wrong Sound' combo box.
33. Click the Publish tab.
34. Click the BloomPUB button.
35. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
36. Click the PREVIEW button.
37. Verify the book opens in the Preview pane.
38. Navigate to the Quiz page.
39. Click the 'Delhi' checkbox.
40. Verify the 'Default - Correct Sound' audio plays.
41. Click 'Chennai' (or any other names) checkbox.
42. Verify the 'Default - Wrong Sound' audio plays.
43. Click the Edit tab.
44. Verify the 'Quiz' page appears on the edit view.
45. Click on the 'Correct Sound' list box under the Game Tool menu.
46. Verify the list box opens.
47. Select "None' option.
48. Click on the 'Wrong Sound' list box under the Game Tool menu.
49. Verify the list box opens.
50. Select "None' option.
51. Click the Publish tab.
52. Click the BloomPUB button.
53. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
54. Click the PREVIEW button.
55. Verify the book opens in the Preview pane.
56. Navigate to the Quiz page.
57. Click the 'Delhi' checkbox.
58. Verify that no audio plays.
59. Click 'Chennai' (or any other names) checkbox.
60. Verify that no audio plays.
61. Click the Edit tab.
62. Verify the 'Quiz' page appears on the edit view.
63. Click on the 'Correct Sound' list box.
64. Verify the list box opens.
65. Select "achievement' option.
66. Click on the 'Wrong Sound' list box.
67. Verify the list box opens.
68. Select "awwCrowd' option.
69. Click the Publish tab.
70. Click the BloomPUB button.
71. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
72. Click the PREVIEW button.
73. Verify the book opens in the Preview pane.
74. Navigate to the Quiz page.
75. Click the 'Delhi' checkbox.
76. Verify that 'achievement' audio plays.
77. Click 'Chennai' (or any other names) checkbox.
78. Verify that 'awwCrowd' audio plays.
79. Click the Edit tab.
80. Verify the 'Quiz' page appears on the edit view.
81. Click on the 'Correct Sound' list box.
82. Verify the list box opens.
83. Select "Choose' option.
84. Verify the 'Choose Sound File dialog' opens.
85. Select Downloads option from the left pane.
86. Verify the Downloads folder opens.
87. Select 'Sample.mp3' sound file.
88. Click the Open button.
89. Verify 'Sample' file is selected in the Correct Sound list box.
90. Click on the 'Wrong Sound' list box.
91. Verify the list box opens.
92. Select "Choose' option.
93. Verify the 'Choose Sound File dialog' opens.
94. Select Downloads option from the left pane.
95. Verify the Downloads folder opens.
96. Select 'Sample1.mp3' sound file.
97. Click the Open button.
98. Verify 'Sample1' file is selected in the Wrong Sound list box.
99. Click the Publish tab.
100. Click the BloomPUB button.
101. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
102. Click the PREVIEW button.
103. Verify the book opens in the Preview pane.
104. Navigate to the Quiz page.
105. Click the 'Delhi' checkbox.
106. Verify that 'Sample' audio plays.
107. Click 'Chennai' (or any other names) checkbox.
108. Verify that 'Sample1' audio plays.
109. Click the Add Page button.
110. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
111. Select "Choose Word from Image" template under Games Pages.
112. Click the Add page button.
113. Verify the Picture page is added.
114. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
115. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
116. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
117. Press the Enter key.
118. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
119. Click any of the Car images.
120. Click the OK button.
121. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
122. Enter 'Car' in the first (blue) text box.
123. Enter 'Bike' in the second text box.
124. Enter 'Bus' in the third text box.
125. Click on the 'Correct Sound' list box.
126. Verify the list box opens.
127. Select the "ballpark" sound option.
128. Click on the 'Wrong Sound' list box.
129. Verify the list box opens.
130. Select the "brass" sound option.
131. Click the Publish tab.
132. Click the BloomPUB button.
133. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
134. Click the PREVIEW button.
135. Verify the book opens in the Preview pane.
136. Navigate to 'Choose the matching word' page.
137. Click the 'Car' text box.
138. Verify that "ballpark" audio plays.
139. Click the 'Bike' (or any other names)text box.
140. Verify that "brass" audio plays.
141. Click the Edit tab.
142. Click the Add Page button.
143. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
144. Select "Choose Image from Word" template under Games Pages.
145. Click the Add page button.
146. Verify the Picture page is added.
147. Enter 'Apple' in the text box.
148. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
149. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
150. Enter 'apple' in the Search box.
151. Press the Enter key.
152. Verify Apple images appear on the preview pane.
153. Click any of the Apple images.
154. Click the OK button.
155. Verify the Apple image appears on the picture pane.
156. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
157. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
158. Enter 'Orange' in the Search box.
159. Press the Enter key.
160. Verify Orange images appear on the preview pane.
161. Click any of the Orange images.
162. Click the OK button.
163. Verify the Orange image appears on the picture pane.
164. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
165. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
166. Enter 'Mango' in the Search box.
167. Press the Enter key.
168. Verify Mango images appear on the preview pane.
169. Click any of the Mango images.
170. Click the OK button.
171. Verify the Mango image appears on the picture pane.
172. Click on the 'Correct Sound' list box.
173. Verify the list box opens.
174. Select "success fanfare-trumpets" sound option.
175. Click on the 'Wrong Sound' list box.
176. Verify the list box opens.
177. Select the "buzzer" sound option.
178. Click the Publish tab.
179. Click the BloomPUB button.
180. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
181. Click the PREVIEW button.
182. Verify the book opens in the Preview pane.
183. Navigate to 'Choose the matching picture' page.
184. Click the 'Apple' image box.
185. Verify that "success fanfare-trumpets" audio plays.
186. Click the 'Orange' (or mango)image box.
187. Verify that "buzzer" audio plays.
188. Click the 'Save' button.
189. Verify 'Save As' dialog opens.
190. Click the 'Save' button.
191. Verify Publishing dialog opens.
192. Click the Close button.
193. Verify the 'Sound Controls on Quiz and Simple Choice games'.bloomPUB file is saved in the documents folder.
194. Open the Documents folder.
195. Double click on the 'Sound Controls on Quiz and Simple Choice games'.bloomPUB file.
196. Verify the book opens in the BloomPUB Viewer.
197. Navigate to Comprehension Quiz page.
198. Click the Correct (Delhi) answer.
199. Verify the 'Correct Sound' audio plays.
200. Click the Wrong ('Mumbai')answer.
201. Verify the 'Wrong Sound' audio plays.
202. Navigate to 'Choose the matching word' page.
203. Click the Correct (Car) answer.
204. Verify the 'Correct Sound' audio plays.
205. Click the Wrong ('Bus') answer.
206. Verify the 'Wrong Sound' audio plays.
207. Navigate to 'Choose the matching picture' page.
208. Click the Correct (Apple) answer.
209. Verify the 'Correct Sound' audio plays.
210. Click the Wrong ('Mango') answer.
211. Verify the 'Wrong Sound' audio plays.
212. Select 'Send over USB Cable' option.
213. Click the CONNECT WITH USB CABLE button.
214. Verify the Publishing dialog opens.
215. Click the Close button.
216. Open the Bloom Reader in the Android Mobile.
217. Tap the Hamburger button.
218. Verify the File menu opens.
219. Tap the 'Open BloomPUB file' option.
220. Verify the file manager folder opens.
221. Tap 'Sound Controls on Quiz and Simple Choice games'.bloomPUB file.
222. Verify the book opens in the Bloom Reader.
223. Navigate to Comprehension Quiz page.
224. Click the Correct (Delhi) answer.
225. Verify the 'Correct Sound' audio plays.
226. Click the Wrong ('Mumbai')answer.
227. Verify the 'Wrong Sound' audio plays.
228. Navigate to 'Choose the matching word' page.
229. Click the Correct (Car) answer.
230. Verify the 'Correct Sound' audio plays.
231. Click the Wrong ('Bus') answer.
232. Verify the 'Wrong Sound' audio plays.
233. Navigate to 'Choose the matching picture' page.
234. Click the Correct (Apple) answer.
235. Verify the 'Correct Sound' audio plays.
236. Click the Wrong ('Mango') answer.
237. Verify the 'Wrong Sound' audio plays.
238. Close the Bloom Reader application.
239. Click the Web button (in Publish \ Bloom)
240. Click all the three checkboxes under 'Agreements' topic.
241. Verify 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button gets enabled.
242. Click 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
243. Verify a 'Sign in / Sign up' dialog opens.
244. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
245. Verify 'Sign in with email' dialog opens.
246. Type a valid email (eg., shawn@eth.net) in the Email text box.
247. Click the Next button.
248. Type a valid password (eg., B123456@u) in the Password text box.
249. Click the 'SIGN IN' button.
250. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' green button appears under Upload heading in Publish to Web view.
251. Click the 'UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button.
252. Verify Upload Progress message appears on the screen.
253. Wait for a few seconds.
254. Verify 'VIEW ON BLOOMLIBRARY' green button appears under 'Your Book on Bloomlibrary.org' heading.
255. Click the 'VIEW ON BLOOMLIBRARY' button.
256. Verify the book opens dev.bloomlibrary.org site.
257. Click the READ button.
258. Verify the book opens on the Bloom Player.
259. Navigate to Comprehension Quiz page.
260. Click the Correct (Delhi) answer.
261. Verify the 'Correct Sound' audio plays.
262. Click the Wrong ('Mumbai')answer.
263. Verify the 'Wrong Sound' audio plays.
264. Navigate to 'Choose the matching word' page.
265. Click the Correct (Car) answer.
266. Verify the 'Correct Sound' audio plays.
267. Click the Wrong ('Bus') answer.
268. Verify the 'Wrong Sound' audio plays.
269. Navigate to 'Choose the matching picture' page.
270. Click the Correct (Apple) answer.
271. Verify the 'Correct Sound' audio plays.
272. Click the Wrong ('Mango') answer.
273. Verify the 'Wrong Sound' audio plays.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Disconnect the Android Mobile from the computer.
2. Uninstall BloomPUB Viewer.
3. Delete the Sample.mp3 files.
4. Delete the Subscription code.
5. Close Bloom application.
