---
id: 612
title: "Save under Staff Controls on preview page"
description: "can't Save under Staff Controls on preview page (BL-15324)"
issues:
  - [BL-15324](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-15324)
created: 2025-10-31
last-modified: 2025-10-31
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Enter https://dev.bloomlibrary.org/book/kLSu5iDjDe in the browser window.
2. Log in with a Moderator account.

**Action Steps**

1. Scroll down to the "You have staff permissions on this book" box.
2. Verify that the 'SAVE' button is disabled.
3. Delete the Title in the title text box.
4. Enter "Test Title" in the Title text box.
5. Verify that nothing refreshes.
6. Verify that the SAVE button is enabled.
7. Delete the entire text in the Summary text box.
8. Enter "Test Summary" in the Summary text box.
9. Verify that nothing refreshes.
10. Verify that the SAVE button is enabled.
11. Enter 'Test Notes' in the Notes text box.
12. Verify that nothing refreshes.
13. Verify that the 'SAVE' button is enabled.
14. Enter 'test_keyword' in the Keywords text box.
15. Verify that nothing refreshes.
16. Verify that the 'SAVE' button is enabled.
17. Click "2: first sentences" under the "Level" label.
18. Verify that nothing refreshes.
19. Verify that the SAVE button is enabled.
20. Click "3: first paragraphs" under the "Level" label.
21. Verify that nothing refreshes.
22. Verify that the SAVE button is enabled.
23. Verify the only selection in the Languages box is "English (en)".
24. Click into the Languages box.
25. Verify that a selection dropdown appears.
26. Select "Tamil(ta)" (or any other option) from the selection dropdown.
27. Verify that the option appears in the Languages box.
28. Verify that nothing refreshes.
29. Verify that the SAVE button is enabled.
30. Click the X button next to the option (eg., Tamil(ta)).
31. Verify the option (eg., Tamil(ta)) disappears from the Languages box.
32. Verify that nothing refreshes.
33. Verify that the SAVE button is enabled.
34. Click into the Languages box.
35. Select "Somali (so)" from the selection dropdown.
36. Verify that "Somali (so)" appears in the Languages box.
37. Verify that the SAVE button is enabled.
38. Verify the only selections in the Tags box are "system:Incoming" and "topic:Bible".
39. Click into the Tags box.
40. Verify that a selection dropdown appears.
41. Select an option (eg., bookshelf:Folklore) from the selection dropdown.
42. Verify that the option appears in the Tags box.
43. Verify that nothing refreshes.
44. Verify that the SAVE button is enabled.
45. Click the X button next to the option (eg., bookshelf:Folklore).
46. Verify the option disappears from the Tags box.
47. Verify that nothing refreshes.
48. Verify that the SAVE button is enabled.
49. Click into the Tags box.
50. Select "topic:Calendar" (or topic:Culture) from the selection dropdown.
51. Verify: "topic:Calendar" (or topic:Culture) appears in the Tags box.
52. Verify that the SAVE button is enabled.
53. Verify the only selections in the Features box are "talkingBook" and "talkingBook:en".
54. Click into the Features box.
55. Verify that a selection dropdown appears.
56. Select an option (eg., comic) from the selection dropdown.
57. Verify that the option (eg., comic) appears in the Features box.
58. Verify that nothing refreshes.
59. Verify that the SAVE button is enabled.
60. Click the X button next to the option.
61. Verify the option (eg., comic) disappears from the Features box.
62. Verify that nothing refreshes.
63. Verify that the SAVE button is enabled.
64. Click into the Features box.
65. Select "motion" from the selection dropdown.
66. Verify that the "motion" appears in the Languages box.
67. Verify that the SAVE button is enabled.
68. Type "Test Publisher" into the "Publisher" text box.
69. Verify that nothing refreshes.
70. Verify that the SAVE button is enabled.
71. Type "Test Original Publisher" into the Original Publisher text box.
72. Verify that nothing refreshes.
73. Verify that the SAVE button is enabled.
74. Type "10" into the Edition text box.
75. Verify that nothing refreshes.
76. Verify that the SAVE button is enabled.
77. Verify the "Is a Rebrand" check box is unchecked.
78. Select the "Is a Rebrand" check box.
79. Verify that nothing refreshes.
80. Verify that the SAVE button is enabled.
81. Click the "SAVE" button.
82. Press F5 key to refresh the page.
83. Verify the book title is "Test Title".
84. Verify the languages are "English" and "Somali".
85. Verify the summary below the Title is "Test summary".
86. Verify the motion feature icon is enabled under the "Features" header.
87. Verify the text beside "Tags:" is "Bible" and "Calendar".
88. Verify the text beside "Keywords: " is "test_keyword".
89. Scroll down to the "You have staff permissions on this book" box.
90. Verify the text in the Title text box is "Test Title".
91. Verify the text in the Summary text box is "Test Summary".
92. Verify the text in the Notes text box is "Test Notes".
93. Verify the Level selected in "3: first paragraphs".
94. Verify the text in the Keywords text box is "test_keywords".
95. Verify the selections in the Languages box are "English (en)" and "Somali (so)".
96. Verify the selections in the Tags box are "system:Incoming", "Topic:Bible", and "Topic:Calendar".
97. Verify the selections in the Features box are "talkingBook", "talkingBook:en", and "motion".
98. Verify the text in the Publisher text box is "Test Publisher".
99. Verify the text in the Original Publisher text box is "Test Original Publisher".
100. Verify the text in the Edition text box is "10".
101. Verify the "Is a Rebrand" check box is checked.
102. Verify the check box next to "Hide this Book from Everyone" is unchecked.
103. Select the check box next to "Hide this Book from Everyone".
104. Verify the Save button is disabled.
105. Scroll up to the book summary near the top of the page.
106. Verify the text "BLOOM STAFF HAVE REMOVED THIS BOOK FROM CIRCULATION IN THE LIBRARY For more information, write to librarian@bloomlibrary.org" is below the book summary with a yellow background.
107. Scroll down to the "Hide this Book from Everyone".
108. De-select the check box next to "Hide this Book from Everyone".
109. Scroll up to the book summary near the top of the page.
110. Verify there is no text saying "BLOOM STAFF HAVE REMOVED THIS BOOK FROM CIRCULATION IN THE LIBRARY For more information, write to librarian@bloomlibrary.org" below the book summary.
111. Verify the SAVE button is disabled.
112. Click the Request Harvesting button.
113. Verify the SAVE button is enabled.
114. Click the SAVE button.
115. Press F5 key to refresh the page.
116. Verify the book is being harvested.
117. Scroll down to the "You have staff permissions on this book" box.
118. Verify the CANCEL button is disabled.
119. Delete the text from the Notes text box.
120. Enter "don't save" in the Notes text box.
121. Verify the CANCEL button is enabled.
122. Click the CANCEL button.
123. Verify the page reloads.
124. Verify the text in the Notes text box says "Test notes".

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Log out from dev.bloomlibrary.org site.
2. Close dev.bloomlibrary.org site.
3. Close the browser window.
