---
id: 614
title: "Audio for comic bubbles played twice in motion book"
description: "Audio for comic bubbles played twice in motion book"
issues:
  - [BL-15210](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-15210)
created: 2025-10-31
last-modified: 2025-10-31
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click an eBook under Templates.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Click the 'Device 16x9 Landscape' page layout list box.
6. Verify the list box opens.
7. Select 'Device 16x9 Portrait' option.
8. Verify the Page layout is changed to Portrait orientation.
9. Click the Add page button.
10. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
11. Select 'Just a Picture' template.
12. Click the Add Page button.
13. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
14. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
15. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
16. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
17. Press the Enter key.
18. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
19. Click any of the Car images.
20. Click the OK button.
21. Verify the Car image is added in the background of the Picture page.
22. Click the Add page button.
23. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
24. Select 'Just a Picture' template.
25. Click the Add Page button.
26. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
27. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
28. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
29. Enter 'Flower' in the Search box.
30. Press the Enter key.
31. Verify Flower images appear on the preview pane.
32. Click any of the Flower images.
33. Click the OK button.
34. Verify the Flower image is added in the background of the Picture page.
35. Click Page 1.
36. Click the Hamburger button.
37. Verify the TBT menu appears.
38. Click the More..option (at the bottom of the menu)
39. Verify More...menu opens.
40. Select 'Overlay' checkbox.
41. Verify Overlay Tool menu opens.
42. Drag 'Text Block' onto the page.
43. Enter 'It's a car' in the text box.
44. Drag a Speech bubble onto the picture page.
45. Enter 'This is a car' in the Speech bubble text box.
46. Click the Talking Book Tool option.
47. Verify the Talking Book Tool menu opens.
48. Verify the text is highlighted in the speech bubble.
49. Click the Advanced button.
50. Verify the Advanced menu opens.
51. Verify 'By Sentence' recording mode is selected.
52. Click on the Text Block.
53. Press and hold the 3)Speak button.
54. Record 'It's a car'
55. Verify the 4)Check button is enabled.
56. Click on the Speech bubble.
57. Press and hold the 3)Speak button.
58. Record 'This is a car'
59. Release the mouse key.
60. Click Page 2.
61. Click the Overlay Tool option.
62. Verify the Overlay Tool menu opens.
63. Drag 'Text Block' onto the page.
64. Enter 'It's a Flower' in the text box.
65. Drag the Speech bubble onto the page.
66. Enter 'This is a Flower' in the Speech bubble text box.
67. Click the Talking Book Tool option.
68. Verify the Talking Book Tool menu opens.
69. Verify the text is highlighted in the speech bubble.
70. Select 'By Whole Text Box' recording mode under the Advanced menu.
71. Click on the Text Block.
72. Press and hold the 3)Speak button.
73. Record 'It’s a Flower'
74. Release the mouse key.
75. Verify the 4)Check button is enabled.
76. Click the Speech bubble text box.
77. Press and hold the 3)Speak button.
78. Record 'This is a flower'
79. Release the mouse key.
80. Click Page 1.
81. Click the More..option (at the bottom of the menu)
82. Verify More...menu opens.
83. Select 'Motion Tool' checkbox.
84. Verify the Motion Tool menu opens.
85. Verify the Motion feature appears on the Picture page.
86. Click the Preview button under the Motion Tool menu.
87. Verify the recorded audio for speech bubble plays only once.
88. Verify the recorded audio for the main text block  plays only once.
89. Click Page 2.
90. Verify the Motion feature appears on the Picture page.
91. Click the Preview button under the Motion Tool menu.
92. Verify the recorded audio for speech bubble plays only once.
93. Verify the recorded audio for the main text block  plays only once.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the eBook.
3. Close Bloom application.
