---
id: 616
title: "Motion tool controls remain enabled & functional when background image is deleted"
description: "Motion tool controls remain enabled & functional when background image is deleted"
issues:
  - [BL-15321](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-15321)
created: 2025-10-31
last-modified: 2025-10-31
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click an eBook under Templates.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Click the Add page button.
6. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
7. Select 'Just a Picture' template.
8. Click the Add Page button.
9. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
10. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
11. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
12. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
13. Press the Enter key.
14. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
15. Click any of the Car images.
16. Click the OK button.
17. Verify the Car image is added in the background of the Picture page.
18. Click the Hamburger button.
19. Verify the TBT menu appears.
20. Click the More..option (at the bottom of the menu)
21. Verify More...menu opens.
22. Select the Motion Tool check box.
23. Verify the motion Tool controls appear on the image.
24. Right-click on the Picture pane.
25. Verify an option menu opens.
26. Click the 'Delete' option.
27. Verify the Motion tool controls are disabled.
28. Click the 3 dots button from the Image tool buttons.
29. Verify the popup menu opens.
30. Click 'Choose image from your computer..' option.
31. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
32. Enter 'Flower' in the Search box.
33. Press the Enter key.
34. Verify Flower images appear on the preview pane.
35. Click any of the Flower images.
36. Click the OK button.
37. Verify the Flower image is added in the background of the Picture page.
38. Verify the motion Tool controls appear on the image.
39. Click the 3 dots button from the Image tool buttons.
40. Verify the popup menu opens.
41. Click the 'Delete' option.
42. Verify the Motion tool controls are disabled.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the eBook.
3. Close Bloom application.
