---
id: 617
title: "3 problems with US Comic cover page for Legacy theme"
description: "3 problems with US Comic cover page for Legacy theme"
issues:
  - [BL-15274](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-15274)
created: 2025-10-31
last-modified: 2025-10-31
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Little-Zebra-006112-4801' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Enter 'Comic Book' in the Front Cover title box.
6. Click on the Picture pane on the front cover page.
7. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
8. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
9. Enter 'Camel' in the Search box.
10. Press the Enter key.
11. Verify Camel images appear on the preview pane.
12. Click any of the Camel images.
13. Click the OK button.
14. Verify the Camel image appears on the picture pane.
15. Click the Publish tab.
16. Click the PDF & Print button.
17. Verify Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
18. Click the 'Simple' booklet mode button.
19. Verify the PDF book is created.
20. Click the 'Save PDF' button.
21. Verify 'Save As' dialog opens.
22. Click the 'Save' button.
23. Verify the book is saved as a PDF file.
24. Verify the Front Cover title, image, and branding are within the crop marks.
25. Verify that there is padding between the crop marks and the Front Cover title, image, and branding.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Basic book.
3. Close Bloom application.
