---
id: 619
title: "M-Myanmar1 font reported as M in harvester report"
description: "M-Myanmar1 font reported as M in harvester report (BL-15273)"
issues:
  - [BL-15273](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-15273)
created: 2025-10-31
last-modified: 2025-10-31
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download Myanmar1 font: https://www.fontspace.com/myanmar1-font-f13241
2. Extract the zip file.
3. Verify the Myanmar1-4eO6.ttf file appears.
4. Double Click on the 'Myanmar1-4eO6'.ttf.
5. Verify the Myanmar1 installation dialog opens.
6. Click the Install button.
7. Verify the 'Installing Font..' dialog flashes on the screen.
8. Close the Font dialog.
9. Click the 'Other Collection' button.
10. Verify 'Open/Create Collections' dialog opens.
11. Click the 'Create New Collection' button.
12. Verify 'Create New Bloom Collection'  dialog opens.
13. Enter 'Myanmar' in the Search box.
14. Verify 'Burmese' language bar appears.
15. Click Burmese language bar.
16. Click the Next button.
17. Verify Font and Script view appears.
18. Click the Next button.
19. Verify Give Language Location view appears.
20. Click the Next button.
21. Verify 'မြန်မာ Books' appear as Collection Name.
22. Click the Next button.
23. Verify 'Ready to create New collection' pane appears.
24. Click the Finish button.
25. Verify a new collection 'မြန်မာ Books' appears on the Collections view.
26. Close the Bloom application.
27. Relaunch Bloom application.
28. Click the Settings button.
29. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
30. Click the Book Making tab.
31. Set the default font for the collection to Myanmar1.
32. Click the Restart button.
33. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Enter the book "https://bloomlibrary.org/my-books/book/1dx1xokVF2" in the browser window.
2. Verify the book appears in the blorg.
3. Click the 'Translate into your language' button.
4. Verify the 'Downloading book' dialog appears for a while.
5. Verify Download complete dialog appears.
6. Click the OK button.
7. Verify the shell book appears under the "Books From BloomLibrary.org" heading.
8. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button.
9. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
10. Click the Publish tab.
11. Click the Web button.
12. Verify Publish to Web view opens.
13. Click 'Click to fix' near Missing Copyright.
14. Verify Copyright and License dialog open.
15. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder box.
16. Click the OK button.
17. Check all the three checkboxes under Agreements.
18. Click 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
19. Verify it opens the Sign In / Sign Up dialog.
20. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
21. Enter the registered email (with bloom) in the Email text box. (eg., shawn@eth.net)
22. Click the Next button.
23. Enter valid password in the password text box.
24. Click the Sign In button.
25. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button appears on the Publish to Web view.
26. Click 'UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button
27. Wait for a few seconds.
28. Click VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button.
29. Verify the book opens in the blorg. (ie., dev.bloomlibrary.org).
30. Verify an error message appears on the page. (An unsupported font is displayed as Myanmar1)

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Shell book.
2. Delete the Book Collection.
3. Close Bloom application.
