---
id: 62
title: "Appearance System"
description: "Test case for Appearance System"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-09
last-modified: 2025-08-05
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click 'A Family Learns about Immunisations' Shell book under Sample Shell heading.
2. Click the 'Make a book using this source' button.
3. Verify the books open in the Edit mode.
4. Click Page 2.
5. Verify there should be a picture on the top and the text at the bottom of the page.
6. Verify Page number '2' appears at the bottom left of the page.
7. Click 'A5 Portrait' dropdown list which appears in the Bloom toolbar.
8. Click 'A5 Landscape' option.
9. Verify the page layout is changed to Landscape view.
10. Click 'Device 16x9 Portrait' option.
11. Verify the page layout is changed to Device Portrait view.
12. Click 'Device 16x9 Landscape' option.
13. Verify the page layout is changed to Device landscape view.
14. Click the Book Settings button.
15. Verify the Book Settings dialog opens.
16. Click the Content Pages option.
17. Click the Page theme drop down list box.
18. Select 'Rounded Border Ebook' list box.
19. Click the OK button.
20. Verify the page corner is changed to rounded border.
21. Click the Book Settings button.
22. Verify the Book Settings dialog opens.
23. Click the Content Pages option.
24. Click the Page theme drop down list box.
25. Select 'Zero Margin Ebook' list box.
26. Click the OK button.
27. Verify the page does not have any margin.
28. Click the Book Settings button.
29. Verify the Book Settings dialog opens.
30. Click the Content Pages option.
31. Deselect the Show Page Numbers check box.
32. Click the OK button.
33. Verify the page should not have a Page number.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete 'A Family Learns about Immunisations' book
2. Close Bloom application.
