---
id: 620
title: "Font weights other than 400 or 700 fail in harvester font check"
description: "Font weights other than 400 or 700 fail in harvester font check"
issues:
  - https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-15328
created: 2025-10-31
last-modified: 2025-10-31
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click "Basic Book" under Templates.
2. Click the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
3. Verify the book opens in Edit mode.
4. Type "BL-15328 Font weights other than 400 or 700 fail in harvester font check" in the Front Cover title box.
5. Click the Add Page button.
6. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
7. Click 'Just Text' templates under Basic Pages.
8. Click the ADD PAGE button..
9. Verify the text page is added.
10. Type "I am very bold" into the text box.
11. Click the cog icon in the lower left-hand corner of the text box.
12. Verify the Format options box opens.
13. Click the Characters tab.
14. Click the bold ("B") button under "Emphasis".
15. Verify the bold ("B") button is selected.
16. Click in the text box.
17. Select all text.
18. Verify a format menu opens with a bold ("B") button.
19. Click the bold ("B") button.
20. Verify the bold ("B") button is selected.
21. Click outside of the Format dialog.
22. Verify the Format menu closes.
23. Click the Publish tab.
24. Click the Web button.
25. Click "Click to fix" under "Missing Copyright".
26. Verify the Copyright and License dialog opens.
27. Type "Tester" in the Copyright Holder text box.
28. Click the OK button.
29. Check all the three checkboxes under Agreements.
30. Click 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
31. Verify it opens the Sign In / Sign Up dialog.
32. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
33. Enter the registered email (with bloom) in the Email text box. (eg., shawn@eth.net)
34. Click the Next button.
35. Enter valid password in the password text box.
36. Click the Sign In button.
37. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button appears on the Publish to Web view.
38. Click 'UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button
39. Wait for a few seconds.
40. Click VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button.
41. Verify the book page opens on dev.Blorg in a web browser.
42. Wait until the book finishes harvesting.
43. Refresh the book page.
44. Verify that No font error displays.
45. Verify that The BloomPUB download button is enabled.
46. Verify that The PDF download button is enabled.
47. Verify that The ePUB download button is enabled.
48. Verify that The READ button is displaying.
49. Click the READ button.
50. Verify that The book opens.
51. Click the next page button.
52. Verify that  "I am very bold" text displays in bold font.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic book.
2. Close Bloom application.
