---
id: 622
title: "Bloom Reader initially shows video placeholder rather than still image"
description: "Bloom Reader initially shows video placeholder rather than still image"
issues:
  - https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-14077
created: 2025-11-04
last-modified: 2025-11-04
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom Reader application in the Android Mobile.

**Action Steps**

1. Click "Get more books from our library".
2. Verify the blorg site opens.
3. Enter 'Malawian Sign Language' in the language search bar.
4. Verify 'Malawian Sign Language' thumbnail appears.
5. Click on 'Malawian Sign Language' thumbnail.
6. Verify 'Malawian Sign Language' page opens.
7. Click a book with audio and sign language (e.g. Anapenta Mitambo Ndani from Level 3).
8. Click "READ ONLINE".
9. Verify that the book is opened not in full-screen mode (i.e. the horizontal page scroll bar is visible at the bottom of the screen).
10. Swipe to the first page with a video.
11. Verify that  no black-and-white video placeholder image displays even briefly.
12. Verify that after about 1 second, the video automatically starts playing.
13. Verify that the audio plays correctly.
14. Verify the video stops playing at the end.
15. Verify that a scene from the video displays as a still image.
16. Verify that the video pause/play button works.
17. Verify that the video restart button works.
18. Swipe to the next page with a video.
19. Verify that no black-and-white video placeholder image displays even briefly.
20. Verify that after about 1 second, the video automatically starts playing.
21. Swipe to a previous page with a video.
22. Verify that no black-and-white video placeholder image displays even briefly.
23. Verify that after about 1 second, the video automatically starts playing.
24. Use the horizontal page scroll bar to navigate to a page with a video.
25. Verify that no black-and-white video placeholder image displays even briefly.
26. Verify that after about 1 second, the video automatically starts playing.
27. Click the book pause button.
28. Swipe to the next page with a video.
29. Verify that no black-and-white video placeholder image displays even briefly.
30. Verify that a still image from the video displays.
31. Hover over the video.
32. Verify that the video play button displays.
33. Click the video play button.
34. Verify that the video plays.
35. Swipe to the next page with a video.
36. Verify that no black-and-white video placeholder image displays even briefly.
37. Verify that a still image from the video displays.
38. Click the book play button.
39. Verify that the video plays.
40. Swipe to the next page with a video.
41. Verify that no black-and-white video placeholder image displays even briefly.
42. Verify that after about 1 second, the video automatically starts playing.
43. Click the back button.
44. Click the DOWNLOAD button.
45. Verify that the "Book download is complete" bar appears with a READ NOW text button.
46. Click the READ NOW button.
47. Verify that the book is opened in full-screen mode.
48. Swipe to the first page with a video.
49. Verify that no black-and-white video placeholder image displays even briefly.
50. Verify that after about 1 second, the video automatically starts playing.
51. Verify that the audio plays correctly.
52. Verify that the video stops playing at the end.
53. Verify that a scene from the video displays as a still image.
54. Verify video pause/play button works.
55. Verify the video restart button works.
56. Swipe to the next page with a video.
57. Verify that no black-and-white video placeholder image displays even briefly.
58. Verify that after about 1 second, the video automatically starts playing.
59. Swipe to a previous page with a video.
60. Verify that no black-and-white video placeholder image displays even briefly.
61. Verify that after about 1 second, the video automatically starts playing.
62. Tap the page (not on the video).
63. Verify that the horizontal page scroll bar appears.
64. Use the horizontal page scroll bar to navigate to a page with a video.
65. Verify that no black-and-white video placeholder image displays even briefly.
66. Verify that after about 1 second, the video automatically starts playing.
67. Click the book pause button.
68. Swipe to the next page with a video.
69. Verify that No black-and-white video placeholder image displays even briefly.
70. Verify that a still image from the video displays.
71. Hover over the video.
72. Verify that the video play button displays.
73. Click the video play button.
74. Verify that the video plays.
75. Swipe to the next page with a video.
76. Verify that no black-and-white video placeholder image displays even briefly.
77. Verify that a still image from the video displays.
78. Click the book play button.
79. Verify that the video plays.
80. Swipe to the next page with a video.
81. Verify that no black-and-white video placeholder image displays even briefly.
82. Verify that after about 1 second, the video automatically starts playing.
83. Enter https://bloomlibrary.org/sign-language in the browser window.
84. Select a sign language (e.g. Malawian Sign Language).
85. Click a book with audio and sign language (e.g. Anapenta Mitambo Ndani from Level 3).
86. Click the "READ" button.
87. Verify: The book is opened not in full-screen mode (i.e. the horizontal page scroll bar is visible at the bottom of the screen).
88. Swipe to the first page with a video.
89. Verify that no black-and-white video placeholder image displays even briefly.
90. Verify that after about 1 second, the video automatically starts playing.
91. Verify that the audio plays correctly.
92. Verify that the video stops playing at the end.
93. Verify that a scene from the video displays as a still image.
94. Verify video pause/play button works.
95. Verify the video restart button works.
96. Swipe to the next page with a video.
97. Verify that no black-and-white video placeholder image displays even briefly.
98. Verify that after about 1 second, the video automatically starts playing.
99. Swipe to a previous page with a video.
100. Verify that no black-and-white video placeholder image displays even briefly.
101. Verify that after about 1 second, the video automatically starts playing.
102. Use the horizontal page scroll bar to navigate to a page with a video.
103. Verify that no black-and-white video placeholder image displays even briefly.
104. Verify that after about 1 second, the video automatically starts playing.
105. Click the book pause button.
106. Swipe to the next page with a video.
107. Verify that no black-and-white video placeholder image displays even briefly.
108. Verify that a still image from the video displays.
109. Hover over the video.
110. Verify that the video play button displays.
111. Click the video play button.
112. Verify that the video plays.
113. Swipe to the next page with a video.
114. Verify that no black-and-white video placeholder image displays even briefly.
115. Verify that a still image from the video displays.
116. Click the book play button.
117. Verify that the video plays.
118. Swipe to the next page with a video.
119. Verify that no black-and-white video placeholder image displays even briefly.
120. Verify that after about 1 second, the video automatically starts playing.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Close Bloom Reader application.
2. Close Bloomlibrary.org in the browser window.
