---
id: 623
title: "Improve CLI getFontsUsed for Harvester"
description: "Improve CLI getFontsUsed for Harvester (BL-15003)"
issues:
  - [BL-15003](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-15003)
created: 2025-11-04
last-modified: 2025-11-04
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download "BL-15003 Improve CLI getFontsUsed for Harvester 2 Books.zip" to the downloads folder.
2. Extract this Bloom collection.
3. Double click on the Bloom collection folder.(eg., BL-15003 Improve CLI getFontsUsed for Harvester 2 Books)
4. Verify the folder opens.
5. Double click on BL-15003 Improve CLI getFontsUsed for Harvester 2 Books.bloomCollection.
6. Verify the book opens in the Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the "Rubik and Arial and Times New Roman" book thumbnail.
2. Click the Publish tab.
3. Click Web.
4. Verify Publish as Web view opens.
5. Select all the three check boxes under Agreements.
6. Click "SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG".
7. Sign in to the Blorg account.
8. Return to Bloom.
9. Click the "UPLOAD BOOK" button.
10. Wait for a few seconds.
11. Verify 'Is this an update of an existing book?' collision ID dialog opens.
12. Click 'No, these are different book.." radio button.
13. Click the UPLOAD button.
14. Verify the "VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY" button appears.
15. Click the "VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY" button.
16. Verify the book's Blorg page opens in the web browser.
17. Wait a few minutes for the book to harvest.
18. Press F5 to refresh the book's Blorg page in the web browser.
19. Verify a font warning message with this text displays: "We cannot fully present this book because it uses one or more fonts that BloomLibrary.org does not have. Please help us to find each font by clicking on its name and answering some questions: Rubik."
20. Verify a font warning message with this text displays: "We cannot fully present this book because it uses one or more fonts that are not known to be free and open-licensed. Therefore, the PDF and source files are all we are allowed to distribute. Please try to replace these fonts with ones that have open licenses: Arial, Times New Roman."
21. Verify there is no READ button.
22. Verify the Download BloomPUB button is disabled.
23. Verify the PDF button is enabled.
24. Verify the ePUB button is disabled.
25. Click the Rubik link in the font warning message.
26. Verify a new webpage opens.
27. Verify the webpage says "Bloom Library Font Submission".
28. Verify the "What is the name of the font?" field is prefilled with "Rubik".

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete BL-15003 Improve CLI getFontsUsed for Harvester 2 Books Collection.
2. Close Bloom application.
