---
id: 624
title: "Bloom Player fails to preserve page size for non-comical overlays"
description: "Bloom Player fails to preserve page size for non-comical overlays (BL-15140)"
issues:
  - [BL-15140](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-15140)
created: 2025-11-04
last-modified: 2025-11-04
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic Book under Templates in the Collections tab.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Click the Add Page button.
6. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
7. Select Just a Picture template.
8. Click the Add Page button.
9. Verify Add Page dialog box appears.
10. Select Just a Picture template.
11. Click the Add Page button.
12. Verify the page is added in the Edit view.
13. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
14. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
15. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
16. Press the Enter key.
17. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
18. Click any of the Car images.
19. Click the OK button.
20. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
21. Click the Hamburger button.
22. Verify the TBT menu appears.
23. Click the More..option (at the bottom of the menu)
24. Verify More...menu opens.
25. Select 'Overlay Tool' check box.
26. Verify the Overlay Tool menu opens.
27. Drag an image overlay on the picture page.
28. Open the Sample.jpg picture in the paint application.
29. Copy the Sample picture.
30. Click on the Image overlay.
31. Click the 'Paste Image' button from the overlay toolbox.
32. Verify the image is pasted on the image overlay.
33. Click the 'Duplicate' button from the overlay toolbox.
34. Verify the Duplicated image overlay appears.
35. Click the 'Duplicate' button.
36. Verify the Duplicated image (1) overlay appears.
37. Click the 'Duplicate' button.
38. Verify the Duplicated image (2) overlay appears.
39. Click the 'Duplicate' button.
40. Verify the Duplicated image (3) overlay appears.
41. Crop all the duplicated images.
42. Click the Publish tab.
43. Click the BloomPUB button.
44. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
45. Click the PREVIEW button.
46. Verify the book opens on the preview pane.
47. Navigate to the Picture page.
48. Verify all the cropped image overlays should appear inside the Picture page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic book.
2. Close Bloom application.
