---
id: 625
title: "Logging problem font that should not be in the book"
description: "[6.3 regression] Logging problem font that should not be in the book"
issues:
  - [BL-15292](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-15292)
created: 2025-11-04
last-modified: 2025-11-04
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Enter 'The Golden Touch' in the Front Cover title box.
6. Click the Credits Page thumbnail.
7. Verify the Credits page opens.
8. Click the 'Needs Copyright' button.
9. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
10. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
11. Click the OK button.
12. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
13. Click the Add page button.
14. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
15. Select 'Basic Text & Picture' template.
16. Click the Add page button.
17. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
18. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
19. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
20. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
21. Press the Enter key.
22. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
23. Click any of the Car images.
24. Click the OK button.
25. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
26. Click the Book Settings button.
27. Verify the Book Settings dialog opens.
28. Click the 'Fonts' tab.
29. Verify the Font table shows only 'Andika' font.
30. Click the OK button.
31. Click the Publish tab.
32. Click the Web button.
33. Verify Publish to Web view opens.
34. Select all the three check boxes under Agreements.
35. Click "SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG".
36. Sign in to the Blorg account.
37. Return to Bloom.
38. Click the "UPLOAD BOOK" button.
39. Verify that there is no error message like "This book has a font, "Times New Roman", which has the following problem:" in the upload log.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic book.
2. Close Bloom application.
