---
id: 626
title: "Cannot reupload book when image file has a plus sign (+) in it"
description: "Cannot reupload book when image file has a plus sign (+) in it"
issues:
  - https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-15096
created: 2025-11-04
last-modified: 2025-11-04
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Downloaded the Problem book from the given link : https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/youtrack/issue/BL-15096/
2. Verify the book opens in the Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
2. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
3. Click the Add page button.
4. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
5. Select 'Basic Text & Picture' template.
6. Click the Add page button.
7. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
8. Click the Credits Page thumbnail.
9. Verify the Credits page opens.
10. Click the 'Needs Copyright' button.
11. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
12. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
13. Click the OK button.
14. Click the Publish tab.
15. Click the Web button.
16. Verify Publish to Web view opens.
17. Select all the three check boxes under Agreements.
18. Click "SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG".
19. Sign in to the Blorg account.
20. Return to Bloom.
21. Click the "UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG) " button.
22. Verify there is a Collision ID dialog box appearing. (ie., Is this an update of an existing book?)
23. Click "Yes, these are the same book.." radio button.
24. Verify that the UPLOAD button is not getting enabled.
25. Click the "No, these are different books" radio button.
26. Verify the UPLOAD button gets enabled.
27. Click the UPLOAD button.
28. Verify that there is not error message appearing during uploading the book.
29. Verify VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button appears.
30. Click VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button.
31. Verify the book opens in the bloom library successfully.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Problem book.
2. Close Bloom application.
