---
id: 627
title: "Some BloomDesktop unit tests fail when Windows culture set to French"
description: "Some BloomDesktop unit tests fail when Windows culture set to French (BL-15064)"
issues:
  - [BL-15064](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-15064)
created: 2025-11-04
last-modified: 2025-11-04
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download the sample picture files ‘1 Samuel.jpg’, 2 Dylan.jpg (or any other 4K resolution picture)  from the given link: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1xcWi23RsdpzHPxVclwzPImryzNfch9zX (Needs Developer’s approval)
2. Type Language settings in the Windows Search bar.
3. Verify Language settings option appears.
4. Click Language settings option
5. Verify Language settings window opens.
6. Click the 'Add a language' button under Preferred languages.
7. Verify Choose a language to install dialog opens.
8. Enter "france" in the Search bar.
9. Verify French (France) language appears.
10. Select French (France) language
11. Click the Next button.
12. Click the Install button.
13. Verify the installation completed.
14. Restart Windows.
15. Verify ‘Fr’ French (France) language appears as the windows system language.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Click the Add page button.
6. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
7. Select 'Just Picture' template.
8. Click the Add page button.
9. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
10. Click the Add page button.
11. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
12. Select 'Basic Text & Picture' template.
13. Click the Add page button.
14. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
15. Click the Add page button.
16. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
17. Select 'Picture&Word' template.
18. Click the Add page button.
19. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
20. Open '1 Samuel.jpg' (or 2 Dylan.jpg)in the Paint application.
21. Press Ctrl+ C to copy the picture.
22. Click on the Front Cover picture pane.
23. Press Ctrl+V keys on the picture pane.
24. Verify the image is pasted on the picture page.
25. Click on the 'Just Picture' page.
26. Press Ctrl+V keys.
27. Verify the image is pasted on the picture page.
28. Click on the 'Basic Text & Picture' page.
29. Press Ctrl+V keys on the picture pane.
30. Verify the image is pasted on the picture page.
31. Click on the 'Picture & Word'page.
32. Press Ctrl+V keys on the picture pane.
33. Verify the image is pasted on the picture page.
34. Click on the Front cover page.
35. Click the Crop button which appears at the top center of the picture pane.
36. Crop it horizontally.
37. Verify the picture size is cropped.
38. Click on the 'Just Picture' page.
39. Click the Crop button which appears at the bottom center of the picture pane.
40. Crop it horizontally.
41. Verify the picture size is cropped.
42. Click on the 'Basic Text & Picture' page.
43. Click the Crop button which appears at the left center of the picture pane.
44. Crop it Vertically.
45. Verify the picture size is cropped.
46. Click on the 'Picture & Word'page.
47. Click the Crop button which appears at the right center of the picture pane.
48. Crop it Vertically.
49. Verify the picture size is cropped.
50. Click the Publish tab.
51. Click the BloomPUB button.
52. Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.
53. Click the PREVIEW button.
54. Verify the book opens in the preview pane.
55. Verify the cropped image appears correctly on the Front cover page.
56. Click the Next button.
57. Verify the cropped image appears correctly on the 'Just Picture' page.
58. Click the Next button.
59. Verify the cropped image appears correctly on the 'Basic Text & Picture' page.
60. Click the Next button.
61. Verify the cropped image appears correctly on the 'Picture & Word' page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic book.
2. Delete the sample picture files ‘1 Samuel.jpg’, 2 Dylan.jpg  from the Downloads folder.
3. Close Bloom application.
