---
id: 628
title: "[6.2] Allow pasting an image"
description: "[6.2] Allow pasting an image"
issues:
  - https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-14720
created: 2025-11-04
last-modified: 2025-11-04
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download the sample picture files ‘1 Samuel.jpg’, 2 Dylan.jpg (or any other 4K resolution picture)  from the given link: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1xcWi23RsdpzHPxVclwzPImryzNfch9zX (Needs Developer’s approval)
2. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Click the Add page button.
6. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
7. Select 'Just Picture' template.
8. Click the Add page button.
9. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
10. Open '1 Samuel.jpg' (or 2 Dylan.jpg)in the Paint application.
11. Press Ctrl+ C to copy the picture.
12. Click on the 'Just Picture' page.
13. Press Ctrl+V keys.
14. Verify the image is pasted on the picture page.
15. Press Ctrl+V keys again.
16. Verify 'Bloom Subscription Feature' dialog appears on the page.
17. Click the 'Bloom Subscription Settings' button on this dialog.
18. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
19. Enter ‘Test-727011-1339’ in the Subscription tab.
20. Click the Restart button.
21. Verify the bloom gets restarted.
22. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
23. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
24. Click on the Picture page.
25. Press Ctrl+V keys.
26. Verify an overlay appears with the pasted image on the Picture pane.
27. Verify the Image overlay is selected and the toolbox appears under the image overlay.
28. Click the ellipse (...) button on the toolbox.
29. Verify the popup menu opens.
30. Click the ‘Paste Image’ option.
31. Verify nothing happens.
32. Click outside of the image overlay.
33. Verify the image overlay is deselected.
34. Click on the image overlay.
35. Verify the image overlay is selected.
36. Press Ctrl+V keys.
37. Verify a duplicate image overlay is created on the picture pane.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Basic book.
3. Close Bloom application.
