---
id: 629
title: "Localize Velopack dialogs"
description: "Localize Velopack dialogs"
issues:
  - https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-15283
created: 2025-11-04
last-modified: 2025-11-04
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Install "LEGUI GLOBAL" from the given link https://github.com/xupefei/Locale-Emulator/releases/tag/v2.5.0.1
2. Double click on LEGUI GLOBAL icon.
3. Verify LEGUI GLOBAL opens.
4. Set Spanish, Portuguese and French localized.
5. Select "Fake system UI language" checkbox.
6. Download the latest version of BloomInstaller.exe from Bloomlibrary.org site.
7. Type Language settings in the Windows Search bar.
8. Verify Language settings option appears.
9. Click Language settings option
10. Verify Language settings window opens.
11. Click the 'Add a language' button under Preferred languages.
12. Verify Choose a language to install dialog opens.
13. Enter "france" in the Search bar.
14. Verify French (France) language appears.
15. Select French (France) language
16. Click the Next button.
17. Click the Install button.
18. Verify the installation completed.
19. Restart Windows.
20. Verify ‘Fr’ French (France) language appears as the windows system language.
21. Download  the latest version of Bloom Alpha  build in the downloads folder. (eg., Alpha 6.3.1125)
22. Launch Bloom application (eg., Alpha 6.3.1125).

**Action Steps**

1. Close the Bloom application.
2. Attempt to reinstall the application using BloomInstaller.exe
3. Verify the repair dialog is localized in French.
4. Click on the 'Repair' option.
5. Verify the installation dialog appears.
6. Verify the update dialog was localized in French.
7. Update the application to the latest version.
8. Attempt to downgrade the application to version Alpha 6.3.1125.
9. Verify the downgrade dialog was localized.
10. Downgrade the application to a previous version.
11. Uninstall the application.
12. Verify that the uninstall completion dialog appears after the uninstall finishes and that all text in the dialog is localized.
13. Close Bloom application.
14. Type Language settings in the Windows Search bar.
15. Verify Language settings option appears.
16. Click Language settings option
17. Verify Language settings window opens.
18. Click the 'Add a language' button under Preferred languages.
19. Verify Choose a language to install dialog opens.
20. Enter "Portuguese" in the Search bar.
21. Verify Portuguese (Brazil) language appears.
22. Select Portuguese (Brazil) language
23. Click the Next button.
24. Click the Install button.
25. Verify the installation completed.
26. Restart Windows.
27. Verify Portuguese (Brazil) language appears as the windows system language.
28. Launch Bloom application.
29. Verify the bloom application gets started.
30. Close Bloom application.
31. Attempt to reinstall the application using BloomInstaller.exe
32. Verify the repair dialog is localized in French.
33. Click on the 'Repair' option.
34. Verify the installation dialog appears.
35. Verify the update dialog was localized in French.
36. Update the application to the latest version.
37. Attempt to downgrade the application to version Alpha 6.3.1125.
38. Verify the downgrade dialog was localized.
39. Downgrade the application to a previous version.
40. Uninstall the application.
41. Verify that the uninstall completion dialog appears after the uninstall finishes and that all text in the dialog is localized.
42. Close Bloom application.
43. Type Language settings in the Windows Search bar.
44. Verify Language settings option appears.
45. Click Language settings option
46. Verify Language settings window opens.
47. Click the 'Add a language' button under Preferred languages.
48. Verify Choose a language to install dialog opens.
49. Enter "Spanish (Brazil)" in the Search bar.
50. Verify Spanish (Brazil) language appears.
51. Select Spanish (Brazil) language
52. Click the Next button.
53. Click the Install button.
54. Verify the installation completed.
55. Restart Windows.
56. Verify Spanish (Brazil) language appears as the windows system language.
57. Launch Bloom application.
58. Verify the bloom application gets started.
59. Close Bloom application.
60. Attempt to reinstall the application using BloomInstaller.exe
61. Verify the repair dialog is localized in French.
62. Click on the 'Repair' option.
63. Verify the installation dialog appears.
64. Verify the update dialog was localized in French.
65. Update the application to the latest version.
66. Attempt to downgrade the application to version Alpha 6.3.1125.
67. Verify the downgrade dialog was localized.
68. Downgrade the application to a previous version.
69. Uninstall the application.
70. Verify that the uninstall completion dialog appears after the uninstall finishes and that all text in the dialog is localized.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Uninstall LEGUI GLOBAL application.
2. Delete the BloomInstaller.exe
