---
id: 63
title: "Badges"
description: "Test case for Badges"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-09
last-modified: 2025-08-05
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Type 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription Code text box.
6. Click the Restart button.
7. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
8. Create a Moderator User account in dev.bloomlibrary.org site (Needs Developer's approval)

**Action Steps**

1. Click 'The Moon and the Cap' Shell book under Sample Shell heading.
2. Click the 'Make a book using this source' button.
3. Verify the books open in the Edit view.
4. Click the Publish tab.
5. Click the Web button.
6. Click the Publish tab.
7. Click the Web button.
8. Click the ‘Click to fix’ link button under Missing Copyright heading.
9. Verify the Copyright and License dialog opens.
10. Type ‘Tester’ in the Copyright Holder text box.
11. Click the OK button.
12. Click the checkbox 'DRAFT' under Visibility heading.
13. Verify the checkbox is enabled near the ‘DRAFT’ label.
14. Click the 'Missing' button under Topic heading.
15. Verify ‘Choose Topic’ dialog opens.
16. Click the 'Story Book' radio button.
17. Click the Close button.
18. Verify the Story Book appears under Topic heading.
19. Verify all the three checkboxes are empty under Agreements heading.
20. Click all the three checkboxes under Agreements heading.
21. Verify 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button enabled.
22. Click the 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
23. Verify 'Sign In / Sign Up' dialog appears.
24. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
25. Verify 'Sign in with email'  dialog appears.
26. Enter a valid user email (eg.,barani@eth.net) in the email text field.
27. Click the 'Next' button.
28. Enter a valid password (eg.,B1234567@u)in the password field.
29. Click the 'Sign In' button.
30. Verify the 'UPLOAD BOOK(TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG) button appears under Upload heading.
31. Click the 'UPLOAD BOOK(TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG) button.
32. Verify Upload Progress..message appears.
33. Wait for a few seconds.
34. Verify VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button is enabled.
35. Click VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button.
36. Verify the book opens in dev.bloomlibrary.org site.
37. Verify a green dialog message (eg., need to wait for a few minutes) appears on the page.
38. Click  the Collections tab in the Bloom application.
39. Verify the Book thumbnail appears with ‘In Progress’ Badge.
40. Click the book which appears in dev.bloomlibary.org site.
41. Wait for a few seconds.
42. Press F5 to refresh the browser.
43. Verify the book appears with the 'Read' button.
44. Verify there is a 'Draft' badge appearing on the Book thumbnail.
45. Click the Collection tab.
46. Verify the Book thumbnail appears with ‘Draft’ Badge.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the The Moon and the Cap book.
2. Delete the Subscription code.
3. Remove the Moderator User account from dev.bloomlibary.org.
4. Close Bloom application.
