---
id: 631
title: "Must refresh page after adding image to enable Motion Tool controls"
description: "[6.2 regression] Must refresh page after adding image to enable Motion Tool controls"
issues:
  - [BL-15320](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-15320)
created: 2025-11-04
last-modified: 2025-11-04
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click an eBook under Templates.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
4. Click the Add page button.
5. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
6. Select 'Just Picture' template.
7. Click the Add page button.
8. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
9. Click the Hamburger button.
10. Verify the TBT menu opens.
11. Click the More..option which appears at the bottom of the TBT menu.
12. Verify the More..menu opens.
13. Select the 'Motion Tool' check box.
14. Verify the Motion Tool controls are disabled.
15. Set the background image via File Explorer dialog.
16. Verify the Motion Tool controls are enabled.
17. Click the Add page button.
18. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
19. Select 'Picture on Right' template.
20. Click the Add page button.
21. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
22. Click the Add page button.
23. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
24. Select 'Just Image' template.
25. Click the Add page button.
26. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
27. Copy an image to the clipboard from File Explorer.
28. Right-click on the image.
29. Verify a popup menu opens.
30. Click the Paste Image option.
31. Verify the Motion Tool controls are enabled.
32. Click the Add page button.
33. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
34. Select 'Just Image' template.
35. Click the Add page button.
36. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
37. Copy an image to the clipboard from File Explorer.
38. Click on the Image pane.
39. Click the 'Paste Image' button from the toolbox.
40. Verify the Motion Tool controls are enabled.
41. Click the Add page button.
42. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
43. Select 'Just Image' template.
44. Click the Add page button.
45. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
46. Copy an image to the clipboard from File Explorer.
47. Click on the Image pane.
48. Press Ctrl+V keys.
49. Verify the Motion Tool controls are enabled.
50. Click the Add page button.
51. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
52. Select 'Just Image' template.
53. Click the Add page button.
54. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
55. Copy an image to the clipboard from File Explorer.
56. Click on the Image pane.
57. Click the 3-dot option.
58. Verify a popup menu opens.
59. Click the 'Paste Image' option.
60. Verify the Motion Tool controls are enabled.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the eBook.
3. Close Bloom application.
