---
id: 634
title: "Woes making PDFs of full-bleed pages with full bleed turned off"
description: "[6.2 regression] Woes making PDFs of full-bleed pages with full bleed turned off"
issues:
  - [BL-15102](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-15102)
created: 2025-11-04
last-modified: 2025-11-04
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click Basic Book under Templates.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
4. Click the Add page button.
5. Verify the Add page dialog opens.
6. Click the 'Comic Full Page' option under Paper Comic Book Pages.
7. Click the Add Page button.
8. Verify the page is added in the edit view.
9. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
10. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
11. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
12. Press the Enter key.
13. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
14. Click any of the Car images.
15. Click the OK button.
16. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
17. Click the Publish tab.
18. Click the PDF & Print button.
19. Verify Publish to PDF & Print view opens.
20. Click the 'Simple' Booklet mode option.
21. Verify a PDF file is generated.
22. Scroll down to the Comic page.
23. Verify that the page appears as a full-bleed page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Basic book.
3. Close Bloom application.
