---
id: 635
title: "Support pasting colored text"
description: "Support pasting colored text"
issues:
  - https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-15148
created: 2025-11-04
last-modified: 2025-11-04
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Open LibreOffice Writer document.
2. Enter 'This is Bold'
3. Select the word 'Bold'
4. Click the 'B' style button from the standard toolbar.
5. Verify the word 'Bold' appears with Bold style.
6. Enter 'This is Italic'
7. Select the word 'Italic'
8. Click the 'I' style button from the standard toolbar.
9. Verify the word 'Italic' appears with Italic style.
10. Enter This is Orange Color'.
11. Select the word 'Orange'
12. Click the 'Font color' style button from the standard toolbar.
13. Select Orange color.
14. Verify the word 'Orange' appears with Orange color.
15. Press Ctrl+A keys.
16. Verify all the texts are selected.
17. Press Ctrl+C keys. (to copy all the texts)
18. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click Basic Book under Templates.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
4. Click the Add page button.
5. Verify the Add page dialog opens.
6. Click the 'Just Text' option under Basic Pages.
7. Click the Add Page button.
8. Verify the page is added in the edit view.
9. Press Ctrl+V keys.
10. Verify the 'Bold' style appears correctly on the first line.
11. Verify the 'Italic'style appears correctly on the second line.
12. Verify the 'Orange' color appears correctly on the third line.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Close LibreOffice Writer document.
2. Delete the Basic book.
3. Close Bloom application.
