---
id: 636
title: "At upload, PDF being generated when user has set a read-only PDF as an override"
description: "[6.2 regression] At upload, PDF being generated when user has set a read-only PDF as an override (BL-15150)"
issues:
  - [BL-15150](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-15150)
created: 2025-11-04
last-modified: 2025-11-04
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click an eBook under Templates.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
4. Enter 'The Golden Touch' in the Front Cover title box.
5. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
6. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
7. Enter 'Flower' in the Search box.
8. Press the Enter key.
9. Verify Flower images appear on the preview pane.
10. Click any of the Flower images.
11. Click the OK button.
12. Verify the Flower image appears on the picture pane.
13. Click the Credits Page thumbnail.
14. Verify the Credits page opens.
15. Click the 'Needs Copyright' button.
16. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
17. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
18. Click the OK button.
19. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
20. Click the Add page button.
21. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
22. Select 'Basic Text & Picture' template.
23. Click the Add page button.
24. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
25. Click on the picture pane.
26. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
27. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
28. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
29. Press the Enter key.
30. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
31. Click any of the Car images.
32. Click the OK button.
33. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
34. Click on the text Pane.
35. Enter This is a Car’ in the text pane.
36. Click the Publish tab.
37. Click the Web button.
38. Verify Publish as Web view opens.
39. Select all the three check boxes under Agreements.
40. Select the 'Draft' checkbox.
41. Click "SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG".
42. Sign in to the Blorg account.
43. Return to Bloom.
44. Click the "UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)" button.
45. Wait for a few seconds.
46. Verify VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button appears.
47. Click on the VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button.
48. Verify the book opens in the Blorg.
49. Verify the book appears on the site as a draft.
50. Verify that there is a read-only PDF available for download with the same name as the book.
51. Click the 'Download PDF' icon.
52. Verify the book is downloaded as a PDF file.
53. Verify the PDF book opens correctly.
54. Close the Browser window.
55. Click the Edit tab. (in Bloom)
56. Click on the Front Cover title box.
57. Delete the title.
58. Enter ‘Car Story’ in the title box.
59. Click the Publish tab.
60. Click the Web button.
61. Click the "UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)" button.
62. Verify 'Is this an update of your existing book?' Collision ID box appears.
63. Click the 'Yes, I want to update this book' radio button.
64. Click the UPLOAD button.
65. Wait for a few seconds.
66. Verify VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button appears.
67. Click on the VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button.
68. Verify the book opens in the Blorg.
69. Verify that there is no ‘Draft’ badge appearing on the page.
70. Verify that there is a read-only PDF available for download with the same name as the book.
71. Click the 'Download PDF' icon.
72. Verify the book is downloaded as a PDF file.
73. Verify that the existing read-only PDF is still preserved.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the PDF file.
2. Delete the Basic book.
3. Close Bloom application.
