---
id: 637
title: "No error when add a widget with a long name to a book with a long name"
description: "[6.2 regression] Can't update html5 widget (BL-15477)"
issues:
  - [BL-15477](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-15477)
created: 2025-11-20
last-modified: 2025-11-20
---

# Steps

Setup Steps
1. Download the ‘C_L Training 4 - AP Animation, Audio and Video v1.5.wdgt’ file from the given link https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/18cHyUxMxIKVCOL5NcaRwv86IL1xr34WL into the Downloads folder.
2. Download the ‘HTMLWidgetInFolderWithLongNameThatExceeds50Characters.zip’ file from the given link https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/18cHyUxMxIKVCOL5NcaRwv86IL1xr34WL into the Downloads folder.
3. Unzip the ‘HTMLWidgetInFolderWithLongNameThatExceeds50Characters.zip’ file.
4. Open Bloom to a collection with a pro subscription code.

Action Steps
1. Click the eBook template under Templates in the Collections view.
2. Verify ‘MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE’ button is available on the right pane.
3. Click the ‘MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE’ button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
5. Enter the text ‘I Am a Book Title Longer Than Fifty (50) Characters Which Is Pretty Long’ into the title text box on the Front Cover page.
6. Click the Add Page button.
7. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
8. Select ‘Widget Page’ template.
9. Click the ADD PAGE button.
10. Hover over the widget page.
11. Click the Choose Widget button.
12. Verify the Open dialog opens.
13. Click the Downloads option from the left pane.
14. Verify the ‘C_L Training 4 - AP Animation, Audio and Video v1.5.wdgt’ file appears.
15. Click the ‘C_L Training 4 - AP Animation, Audio and Video v1.5.wdgt’ file.
16. Click the “Open” button.
17. Verify the math genius widget opens correctly.
18. Verify no error toast appears.
19. Verify no error dialog appears.
20. Close Bloom.
21. Reopen Bloom.
22. Click the ‘EDIT THIS BOOK’ button.
23. Click the Add Page button.
24. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
25. Double-click the ‘Captive Widget Page’ template.
26. Hover over the widget page.
27. Click the Choose Widget button.
28. Verify the Open dialog opens.
29. Click the Downloads option from the left pane.
30. Verify the ‘HTMLWidgetInFolderWithLongNameThatExceeds50Characters’ folder appears.
31. Double-click the ‘HTMLWidgetInFolderWithLongNameThatExceeds50Characters’ folder.
32. Verify the ‘index.html’ file appears.
33. Double-click the ‘index.html’ file.
34. Verify the cat and dog widget opens correctly.
35. Verify no error toast appears.
36. Verify no error dialog appears.

Cleanup Steps
1. Delete the ‘‘I Am a Book Title Longer Than Fifty (50) Characters Which Is Pretty Long’’ book.
2. Close Bloom.
3. Delete the ‘C_L Training 4 - AP Animation, Audio and Video v1.5.wdgt’ file from the Downloads folder.
4. Delete the ‘HTMLWidgetInFolderWithLongNameThatExceeds50Characters.zip’ file from the Downloads folder.
5. Delete the ‘HTMLWidgetInFolderWithLongNameThatExceeds50Characters’ folder from the Downloads folder.
