---
id: 64
title: "MY BOOKS"
description: "Test case for MY BOOKS"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-09
last-modified: 2025-07-31
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Create a user account as a Regular user in dev.bloomlibrary.org. (Needs Developer's approval).

**Action Steps**

1. Double click on the Chrome browser.
2. Type 'dev.bloomlibrary.org. on the browser search bar.
3. Press the Enter key.
4. Verify Bloomlibrary.org page opens.
5. Click the 'Sign In /Sign Up' button under the User account label which appears at the top right corner of the page.
6. Verify a 'Sign in / Sign up' dialog opens.
7. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
8. Verify 'Sign in with email' dialog opens.
9. Enter the email address that is used as a Regular user.
10. Type a valid email (eg., barani@eth.net) in the Email text box.
11. Click the Next button.
12. Type a valid password (eg., B123456@u) in the Password text box.
13. Click the 'SIGN IN' button.
14. Verify the page opens in the Regular User account page.
15. Click on the Avatar.
16. Verify the login menu opens.
17. Click the 'My Books' option.
18. Verify 'My Books' page opens.
19. Click any of the books from 'My Books' (e., My Sample Book) page.
20. Verify the Books open on the browser.
21. Verify 'You have permission to modify this book' pane appears on the page.
22. Click the READ tab.
23. Verify the Bloom Library Free books page opens.
24. Click the ‘English’ books container box.
25. Verify the English books page opens.
26. Click the ‘Good Friends’ book thumbnail.
27. Verify the book opens on a page.
28. Verify the Permission pane is hidden on this page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Regular User account.
2. Close the Chrome browser.
