---
id: 65
title: "Download into Bloom for Editing"
description: "Test case for Download into Bloom for Editing"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-09
last-modified: 2025-08-06
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Type 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription Code text box.
6. Click the Restart button.
7. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
8. Create Regular User account in dev.bloomlibrary.org (Needs Developer's approval)
9. Create Collection Editor User account in dev.bloomlibrary.org (Needs Developer's approval)
10. Create Moderator User account in dev.bloomlibrary.org (Needs Developer's approval)

**Action Steps**

1. Type 'dev.bloomlibrary.org' in the browser window.
2. Press the Enter key.
3. Verify dev.bloomlibrary.org site opens.
4. Click the Avatar which appears at the top right corner of the bloom library page.
5. Verify 'Sign In / Sign Up' dialog appears.
6. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
7. Verify 'Sign in with email'  dialog appears.
8. Enter a valid user email (eg.xxxx@eth.net) in the email text field.
9. Click the 'Next' button.
10. Enter a valid password (eg.,B1234567@u)in the password field.
11. Click the 'Sign In' button.
12. Verify the Regular User account opens.
13. Click the 'PRATHAM BOOKS' under 'Publishers' heading.
14. Verify PRATHAM BOOKS home page opens.
15. Click the 'Hygiene' book.
16. Verify the Hygiene book opens.
17. Verify there is no 'DOWNLOAD INTO BLOOM FOR EDITING' button available in this page.
18. Click the Avatar icon.
19. Verify the login menu opens.
20. Click My Books option.
21. Verify My Books page opens.
22. Click TestSample book (or any book which is uploaded to dev.bloomlibrary.org from a Regular User account).
23. Verify the TestSample book opens.
24. Verify 'DOWNLOAD INTO BLOOM FOR EDITING' button available in this page.
25. Click the Avatar icon.
26. Verify the Login menu opens.
27. Click the Log Out option.
28. Verify the Regular User Account closes.
29. Type 'dev.bloomlibrary.org' in the browser window.
30. Press the Enter key.
31. Verify dev.bloomlibrary.org site opens.
32. Click the Avatar which appears at the top right corner of the bloom library page.
33. Verify 'Sign In / Sign Up' dialog appears.
34. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
35. Verify 'Sign in with email'  dialog appears.
36. Enter a valid user email (eg.xxxx@eth.net) in the email text field.
37. Click the 'Next' button.
38. Enter a valid password (eg.,B1234567@u)in the password field.
39. Click the 'Sign In' button.
40. Verify the Collection Editor User account opens.
41. Click the 'PRATHAM BOOKS' under 'Publishers' heading.
42. Verify PRATHAM BOOKS home page opens.
43. Click the 'Hygiene' book which appears under "Books Derived from Pratham Originals".
44. Verify the Hygiene book opens.
45. Verify 'DOWNLOAD INTO BLOOM FOR EDITING' button available in this page.
46. Click the Avatar icon.
47. Verify the login menu opens.
48. Click My Books option.
49. Verify My Books page opens.
50. Click TestSample book (or any book which is uploaded to dev.bloomlibrary.org from Collection Editor User account).
51. Verify the TestSample book opens.
52. Verify 'DOWNLOAD INTO BLOOM FOR EDITING' button available in this page.
53. Click the Avatar icon.
54. Verify the Login menu opens.
55. Click the Log Out option.
56. Verify the Collection Editor User Account closes.
57. Type 'dev.bloomlibrary.org' in the browser window.
58. Press the Enter key.
59. Verify dev.bloomlibrary.org site opens.
60. Click the Avatar which appears at the top right corner of the bloom library page.
61. Verify 'Sign In / Sign Up' dialog appears.
62. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
63. Verify 'Sign in with email'  dialog appears.
64. Enter a valid user email (eg.xxxx@eth.net) in the email text field.
65. Click the 'Next' button.
66. Enter a valid password (eg.,B1234567@u)in the password field.
67. Click the 'Sign In' button.
68. Verify the Moderator User account opens.
69. Click the 'PRATHAM BOOKS' under 'Publishers' heading.
70. Verify PRATHAM BOOKS home page opens.
71. Click the 'The Birthday Party' (or any other book in the collection).
72. Verify 'The Birthday Party' book opens.
73. Verify 'DOWNLOAD INTO BLOOM FOR EDITING' button available in this page.
74. Click the Avatar icon.
75. Verify the login menu opens.
76. Click My Books option.
77. Verify My Books page opens.
78. Click TestSample book (or any book which is uploaded to dev.bloomlibrary.org from Moderator User account).
79. Verify the TestSample book opens.
80. Verify 'DOWNLOAD INTO BLOOM FOR EDITING' button available in this page.
81. Click the Avatar icon.
82. Verify the Login menu opens.
83. Click the Log Out option.
84. Verify the Moderator User Account closes.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription Code.
2. Delete Regular User account.
3. Delete Collection Editor User account.
4. Delete Moderator User account.
