---
id: 66
title: "Update Books without losing branding"
description: "Test case for Update Books without losing branding"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-09
last-modified: 2025-08-03
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Type 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription Code text box.
6. Click the Restart button.
7. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button available on the right pane.
3. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
5. Click the Front Cover page .
6. Enter 'Test Book' in the Book title.
7. Click the Add Page button.
8. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
9. Click the 'Just Text' template.
10. Click the Add Page button.
11. Verify the Just Text page is added.
12. Enter "There once was a boy who grew bored while watching over the village sheep. "in the text box.
13. Click the Publish tab.
14. Click the Web button.
15. Click the ‘Click to fix’ link button under Missing Copyright heading.
16. Verify the Copyright and License dialog opens.
17. Type ‘Tester’ in the Copyright Holder text box.
18. Click the OK button.
19. Click the checkbox 'DRAFT' under Visibility heading.
20. Verify the checkbox is enabled near the ‘DRAFT’ label.
21. Click the 'Missing' button under Topic heading.
22. Verify ‘Choose Topic’ dialog opens.
23. Click the 'Story Book' radio button.
24. Click the Close button.
25. Verify the Story Book appears under Topic heading.
26. Verify all the three checkboxes are empty under Agreements heading.
27. Click all the three checkboxes under Agreements heading.
28. Verify 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button enabled.
29. Click the 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
30. Verify 'Sign In / Sign Up' dialog appears.
31. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
32. Verify 'Sign in with email'  dialog appears.
33. Enter a valid user email (eg.,barani@eth.net) in the email text field.
34. Click the 'Next' button.
35. Enter a valid password (eg.,B1234567@u)in the password field.
36. Click the 'Sign In' button.
37. Verify the 'UPLOAD BOOK(TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG) button appears under Upload heading.
38. Click the 'UPLOAD BOOK(TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG) button
39. Verify Upload Progress..message appears.
40. Wait for a few seconds.
41. Verify VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button is enabled.
42. Click VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button.
43. Verify the book opens in dev.bloomlibrary.org site.
44. Verify ‘DRAFT’ label appears on the page.
45. Click the ‘DOWNLOAD INTO BLOOM FOR EDITING’ button in the ‘You have Permission ..’ dialog box.
46. Verify 'Downloading book' Progress bar appears.
47. Verify the Book opens in the Bloom application.  (ie., a new instance of bloom opens)
48. Click the Settings button.
49. Verify Settings dialog opens.
50. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
51. Verify the book has the same Subscription.
52. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
53. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
54. Click the Add Page button.
55. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
56. Click 'Just a Picture' template.
57. Click the Add Page button.
58. Verify the ‘Just a picture’ page is added.
59. Click the Change Image button.
60. Verify Image Toolbox dialog opens.
61. Type 'Car' in the Search box.
62. Click the Search button.
63. Verify Car Images appears in the Images pane.
64. Click any car image from the images pane.
65. Click the OK button.
66. Verify Car image appears in the Picture pane.
67. Click the Publish tab.
68. Click the Web button.
69. Verify Publish as the Web page opens.
70. Verify 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button enabled.
71. Click the 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
72. Verify the 'UPLOAD BOOK(TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG) button appears under Upload heading.
73. Click the 'UPLOAD BOOK(TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG) button
74. Verify Upload Progress..message appears.
75. Wait for a few seconds.
76. Verify VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button is enabled.
77. Click VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button.
78. Verify the "Is this an update of your existing book?" Collision dialog box appears.
79. Click the 'Yes, I want to update this book' radio button.
80. Click the UPLOAD button.
81. Verify the Upload progress bar appears on the screen.
82. Verify VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button is enabled.
83. Click VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button.
84. Verify the book opens in dev.bloomlibrary.org site.
85. Wait for a few seconds..
86. Verify 'This book has recently arrived in the Bloom Library..' green box appears.
87. Wait for a few more seconds.
88. Press F5 key to refresh the page.
89. Verify the READ button appears.
90. Click the READ button.
91. Verify the book opens in the Bloom Player.
92. Click the Next button.
93. Verity the newly added picture page appears.
94. Click the Next button.
95. Verify the Text page appears.
96. Click the Next button.
97. Verify the Text page appears.
98. Click the Next button.
99. Verify the title page appears
100. Click the Next button.
101. Verify the Copyright page appears.
102. Click the Next button.
103. Verify the Backcover page appears.
104. Click the close button of the browser.
105. Verify the browser window closes.
106. Click the Bloom icon from the Task bar.
107. Verify the Bloom application opens.
108. Click the Settings button.
109. Verify Settings dialog opens.
110. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
111. Enter 'A-Happy-Group-of-Devs-LC-005941-9332' in the Subscription code.
112. Click the Restart button.
113. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
114. Click the 'EDIT THIS BOOK' button which appears at the right pane.
115. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
116. Click the Add Page button.
117. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
118. Click the 'Basic Text & Picture' template.
119. Click the Add Page button.
120. Verify the 'Basic Text & Picture' page is added.
121. Click the ‘Change Image’ button in the Image pane..
122. Verify Image Toolbox dialog opens.
123. Type 'Flower’ in the Search box.
124. Click the Search button.
125. Verify Flower Images appears in the Images pane.
126. Click any Flower image from the images pane.
127. Click the OK button.
128. Verify Flower image appears in the Picture pane.
129. Click the Text pane.
130. Enter “The rose started to wither away. But the cactus had become a source of water for sparrows.” in the Text pane.
131. Click the Publish tab.
132. Click the Web button.
133. Verify Publish as the Web page opens.
134. Verify 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button enabled.
135. Click the 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
136. Verify the 'UPLOAD BOOK(TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG) button appears under Upload heading.
137. Click the 'UPLOAD BOOK(TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG) button
138. Verify Upload Progress..message appears.
139. Wait for a few seconds.
140. Verify the "Is this an update of your existing book?" Collision dialog box appears.
141. Click the 'Yes, I want to update this book' radio button.
142. Verify the UPLOAD button is still not enabled.
143. Click the check box near 'The subscription was "Test" but is now"A-Happy-Group-of-Devs-LC". This may change logos and other material. Check this box if this is what you want.
144. Verify the UPLOAD button gets enabled.
145. Verify the Upload progress bar appears on the screen.
146. Verify VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button is enabled.
147. Click VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button.
148. Verify the book opens in dev.bloomlibrary.org site.
149. Wait for a few minutes.
150. Press F5 key to refresh the page.
151. Verify the READ button appears.
152. Click the READ button.
153. Verify the book opens in the Bloom Player.
154. Click the Next button.
155. Verify the Picture page appears.
156. Click the Next button.
157. Verify the Flower picture with the text page opened.
158. Click the Next button.
159. Verify 'Just a text' page appears.
160. Click the Next button.
161. Verify the Title page appears with the "Local" logo at the bottom of the page.
162. Click the Last page.
163. Verify 'This book was created with many Bloom Enterprise..' message appears with Local community label.
164. Click the close button of the browser.
165. Verify the browser window closes.
166. Click the Bloom icon from the Task bar.
167. Verify the Bloom application opens.
168. Click the Settings button.
169. Verify Settings dialog opens.
170. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
171. Delete 'A-Happy-Group-of-Devs-LC-005941-9332' from the Subscription code.
172. Verify the Subscription code box is empty.
173. Click the Restart button.
174. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
175. Click the 'EDIT THIS BOOK' button which appears at the right pane.
176. Click the Publish tab.
177. Click the Web button.
178. Verify Publish as the Web page opens.
179. Verify 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button enabled.
180. Click the 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
181. Verify the 'UPLOAD BOOK(TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG) button appears under Upload heading.
182. Click the 'UPLOAD BOOK(TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG) button
183. Verify the "Is this an update of your existing book?" Collision dialog box appears.
184. Click the 'Yes, I want to update this book' radio button.
185. Verify the UPLOAD button is still not enabled.
186. Click the check box near 'The subscription was "A-Happy-Group-of-Devs-LC" but is now "Default". This may change logos and other material. Check this box if this is what you want. '
187. Verify the UPLOAD button is enabled.
188. Click the UPLOAD button.
189. Verify the Upload progress bar appears on the screen.
190. Verify the Upload progress bar appears on the screen.
191. Verify VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button is enabled.
192. Click VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button.
193. Verify the book opens in dev.bloomlibrary.org site.
194. Wait for a few seconds.
195. Press F5 key to refresh the page.
196. Verify the READ button appears.
197. Click the READ button.
198. Verify the book opens in the Bloom Player.
199. Click the Next button.
200. Verify the Picture page opens.
201. Click the Next button .
202. Verify the Picture with Text page appears.
203. Click the Next button.
204. Verify the Text page appears.
205. Click the Next button.
206. Verify the title page is displayed with no branding (eg., Local Community) at the bottom of the page.
207. Click the Next button.
208. Click the Next button.
209. Verify the Back cover page is displayed with the default logo.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic book.
2. Remove Subscription code from Settings / Bloom Subscription tab.
3. Close Bloom application.
