---
id: 67
title: "Changing Ownership"
description: "Test case for Changing Ownership"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-09
last-modified: 2025-08-03
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
6. Click the Restart button.
7. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
8. Create Moderator User account in dev.bloomlibrary.org (Needs Developer's approval)
9. Create Collection Editor User account in dev.bloomlibrary.org (Needs Developer's approval)
10. Create Regular User account in dev.bloomlibrary.org (Needs Developer's approval)

**Action Steps**

1. Type 'dev.bloomlibrary.org' in the browser window.
2. Press the Enter key.
3. Verify dev.bloomlibrary.org site opens.
4. Click the Avatar which appears at the top right corner of the bloom library page.
5. Verify 'Sign In / Sign Up' dialog appears.
6. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
7. Verify 'Sign in with email'  dialog appears.
8. Enter a valid user email (eg.xxxx@eth.net) in the email text field.
9. Click the 'Next' button.
10. Enter a valid password (eg.,B1234567@u)in the password field.
11. Click the 'Sign In' button.
12. Verify the Moderator account opens.
13. Click the 'PRATHAM BOOKS' under 'Publishers' heading.
14. Verify PRATHAM BOOKS home page opens.
15. Click the 'Hygiene' book.
16. Verify the Hygiene book opens.
17. Click the DOWNLOAD INTO BLOOM FOR EDITING button which appears in the Permission dialog box.
18. Verify 'Downloading Book..' progress bar appears.
19. Verify the book opens in the Bloom Editor.
20. Click the 'EDIT THIS BOOK' button.
21. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
22. Click the Publish tab.
23. Click the Web button.
24. Verify Publish to Web page opens.
25. Verify all the three checkboxes are empty under Agreements heading.
26. Click all the three checkboxes under Agreements heading.
27. Verify 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button enabled.
28. Click the 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
29. Verify Moderator User account page opens in the bloomlibrary site.
30. Click the Close button.
31. Verify the browser window closes.
32. Verify the 'UPLOAD BOOK(TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG) button appears under Upload heading.
33. Click the 'UPLOAD BOOK(TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG) button
34. Verify the "Is this an update of your existing book?" Collision dialog box appears.
35. Click the 'Yes, I want to update this book' radio button.
36. Verify the UPLOAD button is still not enabled.
37. Verify a check box that appears with the message 'Change the official uploader to xxxxxxx@gmail.com.(Bloom Library will hide part of your email address) '
38. Click the CANCEL button.
39. Click the Close button
40. Type ‘dev.bloomlibrary.org’ in the browser window.
41. Press the Enter key.
42. Verify the dev.bloomlibrary.org site opens.
43. Click the Avatar icon.
44. Verify the login menu opens.
45. Click the ‘Log out’ option.
46. Verify the Moderator User account is logged out.
47. Click the Avatar which appears at the top right corner of the bloom library page.
48. Verify 'Sign In / Sign Up' dialog appears.
49. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
50. Verify 'Sign in with email'  dialog appears.
51. Enter a valid user email (eg.,xxxx@eth.net) in the email text field.
52. Click the 'Next' button.
53. Enter a valid password (eg.,B1234567@u)in the password field.
54. Click the 'Sign In' button.
55. Verify the Collection Editor account opens in the dev.bloomlibrary.org site.
56. Click the READ tab.
57. Verify the Bloom Library page opens.
58. Click the 'PRATHAM BOOKS' under 'Publishers' heading.
59. Verify PRATHAM BOOKS home page opens.
60. Click the 'Hygiene' book.
61. Verify the Hygiene book opens.
62. Click the DOWNLOAD INTO BLOOM EDITOR button which appears in the ‘Translate  into your language’ dialog box.
63. Verify 'Downloading Book..' progress bar appears.
64. Click the OK button.
65. Verify the book opens in the Bloom Editor.
66. Click the ‘Hygiene’ book from the left pane.
67. Verify ‘EDIT THIS BOOK’ button is available in the right pane.
68. Click the 'EDIT THIS BOOK' button.
69. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
70. Click the Publish tab.
71. Click the Web button.
72. Verify Publish to Web page opens.
73. Verify all the three checkboxes are empty under Agreements heading.
74. Click all the three checkboxes under Agreements heading.
75. Verify 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button enabled.
76. Click the 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
77. Verify 'Sign In / Sign Up' dialog appears.
78. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
79. Verify 'Sign in with email'  dialog appears.
80. Enter a valid user email (eg.,xxxx@eth.net) in the email text field.
81. Click the 'Next' button.
82. Enter a valid password (eg.,B1234567@u)in the password field.
83. Click the 'Sign In' button.
84. Verify Collection Editor User account page opens in the bloomlibrary site.
85. Click the Close button.
86. Verify the browser window closes.
87. Verify the 'UPLOAD BOOK(TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG) button appears under Upload heading.
88. Click the 'UPLOAD BOOK(TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG) button
89. Verify 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button enabled.
90. Click the 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
91. Verify Collection Editor User account page opens in the bloomlibrary site.
92. Click the Close button.
93. Verify the browser window closes.
94. Verify the 'UPLOAD BOOK(TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG) button appears under Upload heading.
95. Click the 'UPLOAD BOOK(TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG) button
96. Verify the "Is this an update of your existing book?" Collision dialog box appears.
97. Verify the first radio button appears with the message'Yes, these are the same book--Cancel upload for now'.
98. Verify a message 'If your organization has an Enterprise Subscription, you may ask librarian@bloomlibrary.org to connect your account to your organization's bookshelves. Then you will be able to update books on those bookshelves.' appears under the Yes radio button.
99. Click the CANCEL button.
100. Click the Close button
101. Type ‘dev.bloomlibrary.org’ in the browser window.
102. Press the Enter key.
103. Verify the dev.bloomlibrary.org site opens.
104. Click the Avatar icon.
105. Verify the login menu opens.
106. Click the ‘Log out’ option.
107. Verify the Collection Editor User account is logged out.
108. Click the Avatar which appears at the top right corner of the bloom library page.
109. Verify 'Sign In / Sign Up' dialog appears.
110. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
111. Verify 'Sign in with email'  dialog appears.
112. Enter a valid user email (eg.,xxxx@eth.net) in the email text field.
113. Click the 'Next' button.
114. Enter a valid password (eg.,B1234567@u)in the password field.
115. Click the 'Sign In' button.
116. Verify the Regular User account opens in the dev.bloomlibrary.org site.
117. Click the READ tab.
118. Verify the Bloom Library page opens.
119. Click the 'PRATHAM BOOKS' under 'Publishers' heading.
120. Verify PRATHAM BOOKS home page opens.
121. Click the 'Hygiene' book.
122. Verify the Hygiene book opens.
123. Click the DOWNLOAD INTO BLOOM EDITOR button which appears in the ‘Translate  into your language’ dialog box.
124. Verify 'Downloading Book..' progress bar appears.
125. Click the OK button.
126. Verify the book opens in the Bloom Editor.
127. Click the 'MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE' button.
128. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
129. Click the Publish tab.
130. Click the Web button.
131. Verify Publish to Web page opens.
132. Click the 'Click to fix' link button under Missing Copyright heading.
133. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
134. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
135. Click the OK button.
136. Verify all the three checkboxes are empty under Agreements heading.
137. Click all the three checkboxes under Agreements heading.
138. Verify 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button enabled.
139. Click the 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
140. Verify Regular User account page opens in the bloomlibrary site.
141. Click the Close button.
142. Verify the browser window closes.
143. Verify the 'UPLOAD BOOK(TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG) button appears under Upload heading.
144. Click the 'UPLOAD BOOK(TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG) button
145. Verify the Collision dialog should not present the option to change ownership.
146. Verify the UPLOAD button should remain greyed out.
147. Click the CANCEL button.
148. Click the Close button.
149. Verify the Bloom closes.
150. Type ‘dev.bloomlibrary.org’ in the browser window.
151. Press the Enter key.
152. Verify the dev.bloomlibrary.org site opens.
153. Click the Avatar icon.
154. Verify the login menu opens.
155. Click the ‘Log out’ option.
156. Verify the Regular User account is logged out.
157. Click the Avatar which appears at the top right corner of the bloom library page.
158. Verify 'Sign In / Sign Up' dialog appears.
159. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
160. Verify 'Sign in with email'  dialog appears.
161. Enter a valid (collection editor) user email (eg.,xxxx@eth.net) in the email text field.
162. Click the 'Next' button.
163. Enter a valid password (eg.,B1234567@u)in the password field.
164. Click the 'Sign In' button.
165. Verify the Collection Editor account opens in the dev.bloomlibrary.org site.
166. Click the READ tab.
167. Verify the Bloom Library page opens.
168. Click the 'PRATHAM BOOKS' under 'Publishers' heading.
169. Verify PRATHAM BOOKS home page opens.
170. Click the 'Hygiene' book.
171. Verify the Hygiene book opens.
172. Click the DOWNLOAD INTO BLOOM EDITOR button which appears in the ‘Translate  into your language’ dialog box.
173. Verify 'Downloading Book..' progress bar appears.
174. Click the OK button.
175. Verify the book opens in the Bloom Editor.
176. Click the ‘Hygiene’ book from the left pane.
177. Verify ‘EDIT THIS BOOK’ button is available in the right pane.
178. Click the 'EDIT THIS BOOK' button.
179. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
180. Click the Publish tab.
181. Click the Web button.
182. Verify Publish to Web page opens.
183. Click the 'Click to fix' link button under Missing Copyright heading.
184. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
185. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
186. Click the OK button.
187. Verify all the three checkboxes are empty under Agreements heading.
188. Click all the three checkboxes under Agreements heading.
189. Verify 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button enabled.
190. Click the 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
191. Verify Collection Editor User account page opens in the bloomlibrary site.
192. Click the Close button.
193. Verify the browser window closes.
194. Verify the 'UPLOAD BOOK(TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG) button appears under Upload heading.
195. Click the 'UPLOAD BOOK(TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG) button
196. Verify VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button appears.
197. Click VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button.
198. Verify the book opens in dev.bloomlibrary.org site.
199. Verify it appears in MY Books
200. Click the READ tab.
201. Click the PRATHAM BOOKS thumbnail.
202. Verify the Book appears under 'Books Derived from Pratham Original' heading.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete Moderator User Account.
2. Delete Collection Editor User Account.
3. Delete Regular User Account.
4. Delete Hygiene book.
5. Delete Ibrahim was Sad book.
6. Remove Subscription code from Settings / Bloom Subscription tab.
7. Close Bloom application.
