---
id: 69
title: "Harvester"
description: "Test case for Harvester"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-09
last-modified: 2025-08-03
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Type 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription Code text box.
6. Click the Restart button.
7. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
8. Type 'https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9mtzsjs9jsvw?hl=en-US&gl=US' in a browser search bar.
9. Verify eKitabu e-reader page opens.
10. Click the Download button.
11. Verify eKitabu Installer file is downloaded in the system.
12. Double click on the 'eKitabu e-reader Installer' file.
13. Verify 'eKitabu e-reader..The latest version is installed' dialog box appears.
14. Type 'https://dev.bloomlibrary.org/page/resources/bloompub-viewer' in the browser window.
15. Press the Enter key.
16. Verify BloomPUB Viewer page appears.
17. Click the 'DOWNLOAD BLOOMPUB VIEWER' link button.
18. Verity BloomPUB-Viewer-Setup-x.x.x exe file is downloaded in the Downloads folder.
19. Double click on the BloomPUB-Viewer-Setup-x.x.x exe file from the Downloads folder.
20. Verify the BloomPUB viewer x.x.x opens on the desktop.
21. Click the Close button.
22. Verify the BloomPUB Viewer closes.
23. Type 'https://fonts.google.com/noto/specimen/Noto+Sans+Tamil' in the browser window.
24. Press the Enter key.
25. Verify the Not Sans Tamil page opens.
26. Click the 'Get Font' button.
27. Verify '4 font families..' page opens.
28. Click the Download all button.
29. Verify the font 'Andika,Noto_Sans_Tai_Tham,Noto_Sans_Tamil,Open_Sans' zip file is downloaded in the Downloads folder.
30. Click on the Downloads folder.
31. Verify the Downloads folder contains 'Andika,Noto_Sans_Tai_Tham,Noto_Sans_Tamil,Open_Sans' zip file.
32. Right click on 'Andika,Noto_Sans_Tai_Tham,Noto_Sans_Tamil,Open_Sans' zip file.
33. Verify a popup menu opens.
34. Click the 'Extract here' option.
35. Verify the extracted files appear under the zip file.
36. Double click on 'Noto_Sans_Tamil'folder.
37. Verify Noto_Sans_Tamil'folder opens.
38. Double click on NotoSansTamil-VariableFont_wdth,wght.TTF file.
39. Verify Noto Sans Tamil Regular (True Type) window opens.
40. Click the 'Install' button.
41. Verify Installing Fonts message flashes on the screen.
42. Click the Close button.
43. Verify Window closes.
44. Launch Bloom application.
45. Click the Settings button.
46. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
47. Click the 'Change' link button under the Local Language field.
48. Verify the Choose Language dialog opens.
49. Type 'Tamil' on the Search bar.
50. Verify 'Tamil' language appears under the search bar.
51. Click 'Tamil' language.
52. Verify Tamil script buttons appear under the Tamil language bar.
53. Click the 'Tamil' script button.
54. Click the OK button.
55. Verify the 'Tamil language appears as Local Language.
56. Verify 'English (en)' language appears as National Language.
57. Click the Restart button.
58. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
59. Click the Settings button.
60. Verify 'தமிழ் (ta)' appears as Local Language.
61. Verify 'English (en)' appears as a National Language.
62. Click the OK button.

**Action Steps**

1. Click Basic Book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button at the right pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the books open in the Edit mode.
5. Click the Front Cover page.
6. Paste 'ராமன் கதைகள்' text in the title box.
7. Click the Credits Page thumbnail.
8. Verify the Credits Page appears.
9. Click the 'Needs Copyright' link button.
10. Verify the Copyright and License dialog opens.
11. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
12. Click the OK button.
13. Click the Add Page button.
14. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
15. Click the 'Just Text' template.
16. Click the Add Page button.
17. Verify the Just Text page is added.
18. Enter "ஒரு நாட்ட ஆண்டுகிட்டு வந்த ராஜா ரெண்டு கிராமங்களுக்கு நடுவுல ஓடுன ஆத்துக்கு நடுவுல ஒரு பாலத்தை கட்டுனாரு . "in the text box.
19. Click the gear icon which appears in the bottom left corner of the text box.
20. Verify the Format dialog opens.
21. Click the 'Characters' tab.
22. Click the Font dropdown list box.
23. Click 'Noto Sans Tamil'
24. Verify the Font style is changed to Noto Sans Tamil in the text box.
25. Click on the Text box.
26. Click the Publish tab.
27. Click the Web button.
28. Verify all the three checkboxes are empty under Agreements heading.
29. Click all the three checkboxes under Agreements heading.
30. Verify 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button enabled.
31. Click the 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
32. Verify 'Sign In / Sign Up' dialog appears.
33. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
34. Verify 'Sign in with email'  dialog appears.
35. Enter a valid user email (eg.,barani@eth.net) in the email text field.
36. Click the 'Next' button.
37. Enter a valid password (eg.,B1234567@u)in the password field.
38. Click the 'Sign In' button.
39. Verify the 'UPLOAD BOOK(TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG) button appears under Upload heading.
40. Click the 'UPLOAD BOOK(TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG) button
41. Verify Upload Progress..message appears.
42. Wait for a few seconds.
43. Verify VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button is enabled.
44. Click VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button.
45. Verify the book opens in dev.bloomlibrary.org site.
46. Wait for a few seconds..
47. Verify 'This book has recently arrived in the Bloom Library..' green box appears.
48. Wait for a few more seconds.
49. Press F5 key to refresh the page.
50. Verify the READ button appears.
51. Click the READ button.
52. Verify the book opens in the Bloom Player.
53. Click the Next button.
54. Verity the tamil text page appears.
55. Verify it appears with 'Noto Sans Tamil' font style.
56. Click the Close button of the browser window.
57. Verify the browser closes.
58. Click the Bloom application.
59. Click the Publish tab.
60. Click the ePUB button.
61. Verify Publish as ePUB page opens.
62. Click the 'Save' button.
63. Verify 'Creating ePUB..' message flashes on the screen.
64. Verify Save As dialog opens.
65. Click the Save button.
66. Verify ராமன் கதைகள் book saved in the Documents folder.
67. Double click on the ராமன் கதைகள் ePUB file in the Documents folder.
68. Verify the book opens in the ePUB reader.
69. Click the Next button.
70. Verify the text appears in tamil language.
71. Verify the tamil text appears in 'Noto Sans Tamil' font style.
72. Click the Bloom application.
73. Verify the Bloom application opens.
74. Click the Publish tab.
75. Click the BloomPUB button.
76. Verify Publish as BloomPUB page opens.
77. Click Save BloomPUB File radio button.
78. Click the Save button.
79. Verify Save As dialog opens.
80. Click the Save button.
81. Verify "Checking Noto Sans Tamil font: License OK for embedding" appears in the Publishing dialog.
82. Click the Close button.
83. Verify ராமன் கதைகள் book saved in the Documents folder.
84. Double click on the ராமன் கதைகள்.bloomPUB file
85. Verify the book opens in the BloomPUB viewer.
86. Click the Next button.
87. Verify the text page appears in tamil language.
88. Verify the Tamil text appears in 'Noto Sans Tamil' font style.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic book.
2. Uninstall eKitabu ePUB Reader.
3. Uninstall BloomPUB Viewer.
4. Remove Subscription code from Settings / Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Close Bloom application.
