---
id: 7
title: "Install on different OS using Virtual Box"
description: "Test Case for installing Bloom on different OS using Virtual Box"
issues: []
created: 2024-08-27
last-modified: 2025-09-30
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Type ‘https://www.oracle.com/virtualization/technologies/vm/downloads/virtualbox-downloads.html?source=:ad:pas:go:dg:a_nas:71700000079711823-58700006707759357-p60691657748:RC_WWMK200609P00103C0001:&gclid=Cj0KCQjw5-WRBhCKARIsAAId9FlOvHq2uncYx2BFN9WOsdSJYJZ8t3sVCCt5Fv3YpX04QppiO7DUUl0aArKAEALw_wcB&gclsrc=aw.ds’ in the Browser window.
2. Press the Enter Key.
3. Verify Oracle VirtualBox page opens.
4. Click Windows Installer (64-bit) from Windows Platform.
5. Verify the Windows Installer.exe file is downloaded in the Downloads folder.
6. Double click on the Windows Installer.exe file.
7. Verify the Oracle's VM Virtual Box is installed on the system.
8. Type 'https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1PCYrPcd8E3jnHVJgpjEmnpBeFONZefME in the browser window(Needs to Developer's approval to enter in this page)
9. Press the Enter key.
10. Click the download icon near ‘MS Edge-Win10.ova’ file.
11. Verify the ‘MSEdge - Win10.ova’ file downloaded into the Downloads folder.
12. Double click on the Virtual Box icon from the Desktop.
13. Verify the Virtual Box opened on the Desktop.
14. Click the File option.
15. Verify the file menu opens.
16. Click Import Appliance.
17. Verify Import Virtual Appliance window opens.
18. Click the Folder icon near the File field.
19. Verify 'Please choose a virtual appliance file to import' dialog opens.
20. Click the MSEdge - Win10.OVA file from the Documents folder.
21. Click the Next button.
22. Verify Appliance Settings dialog op00ens.
23. Click the Next button.
24. Verify 'Importing appliance..' progress bar appears.
25. Verify 'MSEdge - Win10' appears in the Preview pane.
26. Click the Start button from the Tool bar.
27. Verify Windows 10 opens in the Oracle VM VirtualBox.
28. Enter ‘Passw0rd!’ in the Password text box.
29. Press the Enter key.
30. Verify Windows 10 opens on the Virtual Machine.

**Action Steps**

1. Type 'MS Edge' in the Windows Search bar.
2. Verify the menu opens with 'Microsoft Edge' option.
3. Click on 'Microsoft Edge' option.
4. Verify 'Download Microsoft Edge' page opens on the browser window.
5. Click the Accept and Download button.
6. Verify a toast message 'MicrosoftEdgeSetup.exe' appears with the Run and Save button.
7. Click the Run button.
8. Verify “User Account Control” dialog box opens.
9. Click the Yes button.
10. Verify Downloading Microsoft Edge progress bar appears.
11. Verify 'Welcome to Microsoft Edge..'page appears.
12. Click the 'Start without your data' button.
13. Click the 'Confirm and continue' button.
14. Click the 'Confirm and start browsing' button.
15. Verify the 'Start browsing..' page opens.
16. Click the Continue button.
17. Click the Continue button.
18. Click the Finish button.
19. Verify the MS Edge browser opens the home page.
20. Click the Close button.
21. Verify the MS Edge browser closes.
22. Right click on the MS Edge icon from the Desktop.
23. Verify a popup menu opens.
24. Click the ‘Run as Administrator’ option.
25. Verify ‘Do you want to allow this app..’message appears in the User Account Control box.
26. Click the Yes button.
27. Verify the MS Edge browser opens on the Desktop.
28. Click the “Machine” menu option from the VM Virtual Box.
29. Verify the option menu opens.
30. Click Take a Snapshot option
31. Verify "Take a Snapshot of Virtual Machine" dialog opens.
32. Click the OK button.
33. Type https://bloomlibrary.org/page/resources/all-bloom-installers in the windows search bar.
34. Press the Enter key.
35. Verify All Bloom Windows Installers page opens.
36. Click a newer version of Bloom.exe file.
37. Verify the new version of  Bloom Installer.exe file is downloaded.
38. Double Click the Bloom Installer.exe file.
39. Verify that the required .dotnet version is upgraded if the VM’s version is inadequate.
40. Verify the latest version of Bloom dialog appears with “I accept the terms of the license..” button.
41. Click the “I accept the terms of the license..” button.
42. Verify Bloom is installed and the ‘Open/Create Collections dialog appears.
43. Click the Close button.
44. Verify the Bloom Closes.
45. Click the Windows button.
46. Click the Power button.
47. Click the Shutdown button.
48. Verify Windows 10 VM closes.
49. Click the File option from the Virtual Box.
50. Verify the file menu opens.
51. Click Import Appliance.
52. Verify Import Virtual Appliance window opens.
53. Click the Folder icon near the File field.
54. Verify 'Please choose a virtual appliance file to import' dialog opens.
55. Click the IE8 - Win7. OVA file from the Documents folder.
56. Click the Next button.
57. Verify Appliance Settings dialog op00ens.
58. Click the Next button.
59. Verify 'Importing appliance..' progress bar appears.
60. Verify 'IE8 - Win7' appears in the Preview pane.
61. Click the Start button from the Tool bar.
62. Verify Windows 7 OS opens on the Virtual Box.
63. Click the Windows button.
64. Click the Shutdown button.
65. Verify Windows 7 OS closes.
66. Click the ‘Take a Snapshot’ button from the toolbar.
67. Verify "Take a Snapshot of Virtual Machine" dialog opens.
68. Click the OK button.
69. Click the Start button from the toolbar.
70. Verify Window 7 OS opens on the Virtual Box.
71. Click the Devices option from the toolbar.
72. Verify the Devices menu opens.
73. Click the Drag and Drop option.
74. Verify a submenu opens.
75. Select Bidirectional option.
76. Click the Devices option.
77. Verify popup menu appears.
78. Click Install Guest Edition image
79. Verify the Installing image pane appears.
80. Click Run VBoxWindowsAdditions.exe file from AutoPlay.
81. Restart Windows 7 OS.
82. Copy BloomInstaller.newerversion.exe from the computer, (since Internet Explorer 11 cannot open the bloomlibrary.org website.) (eg., Bloom 6.1.0)
83. Paste the BloomInstaller.anyversion.exe file into IE11-Win7 - Oracle VM VirtualBox
84. Verify the Installer file pasted on the Win 7 - Desktop (VM).
85. Double Click on the Bloom Installer file. (newer version eg., Bloom 6.1.0)
86. Verify a Warning message "This application requires one of the following versions of the .NET Framework: .NETFramework, Version=v4.7.2.. Do you want to install this .NET Framework version now?" with a Yes or No button.
87. Click the Yes button.
88. Verify “Internet Cannot display the webpage” message appears. (needs to upgrade the IE8 Version)
89. Click the Close button.
90. Verify the IE8 browser window closes.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete Bloom Installer file.
2. Uninstall Oracle Virtual Box.
