---
id: 70
title: "Authoring"
description: "Test case for Authoring"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-09
last-modified: 2025-08-06
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Type 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription Code text box.
6. Click the Restart button.
7. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button is available in the right pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button
4. Verify that the book opens in Edit view.
5. Click the Add Page button.
6. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
7. Click the 'Basic Text & Picture' template under Basic Pages heading.
8. Click the Add page button.
9. Verify the 'Basic Text & Picture' page added.
10. Click the 'Change Image' button from the Picture pane.
11. Verify the Image toolbox opens.
12. Type 'Car' in the search.
13. Verify the Car image appears.
14. Click the OK button.
15. Verify the Car image appears within the grid line of the page.
16. Click the text pane.
17. Enter 'There once was a boy who grew bored while watching over the village sheep.' in the text pane.
18. Click the Publish tab.
19. Click the BloomPUB button.
20. Verify the Publish as BloomPUB page opens.
21. Click the PREVIEW button.
22. Verify the book opens in the Preview pane.
23. Click the Next button.
24. Verify the 'Basic Text & Picture' page appears in the BloomPUB Preview pane.
25. Click the Collections tab.
26. Verify the Collections view opens.
27. Click the 'Wall Calendar' template.
28. Click the 'Make a book using the Source' button.
29. Verify the Setup dialog opens.
30. Click the OK button.
31. Verify the Wall Calendar opens in the Edit mode.
32. Click the 'Flyleaf' page thumbnail.
33. Verify the 'Flyleaf' page opens.
34. Click the 'Calendar' thumbnail.
35. Verify the 'Calendar' page opens.
36. Click the Publish tab.
37. Click the PDF & Print button.
38. Verify Publish to PDF & Print page opens.
39. Click the Simple Mode button under Booklet Mode.
40. Verify the book opens in the PDF format.
41. Click the Scroll button to move Page 7.
42. Verify the Calendar page appears in Page 7.
43. Click the Collections tab.
44. Verify the Collections view opens.
45. Click 'Arithmetic Template' under the Specialized Templates section.
46. Click the 'Make a book using this source' button.
47. Verify Arithmetic book opens in the Edit mode.
48. Click the Add page button.
49. Verify the Add page dialog opens.
50. Select '1 Problem' template.
51. Click the Add Page button.
52. Verify the page '1 Problem' appears in the edit view.
53. Enter '3' on the left most text box.
54. Verify there is no overflow.
55. Enter '3' on the middle text box.
56. Verify there is no overflow.
57. Enter '3' on the right most text box.
58. Verify there is no overflow.
59. Click the Add page button.
60. Verify the Add page dialog opens.
61. Select '2 Problem' template.
62. Click the Add Page button.
63. Verify the'2 Problem' page appears in the edit view.
64. Enter '123' on the left most text box.
65. Verify there is no overflow.
66. Enter '123' on the middle text box.
67. Verify there is no overflow.
68. Enter '123' on the right most text box.
69. Verify there is no overflow.
70. Click the Add page button.
71. Verify the Add page dialog opens.
72. Select '3 Problem' template.
73. Click the Add Page button.
74. Verify the'3 Problem' page appears in the edit view.
75. Enter '345' on the left most text box.
76. Verify there is no overflow.
77. Enter '345' in the middle text box.
78. Verify there is no overflow.
79. Enter '345' on the right most text box.
80. Verify there is no overflow.
81. Click the Add page button.
82. Verify the Add page dialog opens.
83. Select '4 Problem' template.
84. Click the Add Page button.
85. Verify the'4 Problem' page appears in the edit view.
86. Enter '321' on the left most text box.
87. Verify there is no overflow.
88. Enter '321' on the middle text box.
89. Verify there is no overflow.
90. Enter '321' on the right most text box.
91. Verify there is no overflow.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic book.
2. Delete Wall Calendar book.
3. Delete the Arithmetic Templates book.
4. Delete the Subscription code.
5. Close Bloom application.
