---
id: 71
title: "Translating"
description: "Test case for Translating"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-09
last-modified: 2025-08-03
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the 'Change' link button under the National Language field.
5. Verify the Choose Language dialog opens.
6. Type 'Tamil' on the Search bar.
7. Verify 'Tamil' language appears under the search bar.
8. Click 'Tamil' language.
9. Verify Tamil script buttons appear under the Tamil language bar.
10. Click the 'Tamil' script button.
11. Click the OK button.
12. Verify the Tamil language appears as a National Language.
13. Verify 'English (en)' language appears as Local Language.
14. Click the Restart button.
15. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
16. Click the Settings button.
17. Verify 'English (en)' appears as a Local Language.
18. Verify 'தமிழ் (ta)' appears as a National Language.
19. Click the OK button.

**Action Steps**

1. Click Basic Book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button at the right pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the books open in the Edit mode.
5. Click the Add Page button.
6. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
7. Click the 'Just Text' template.
8. Click the Add Page button.
9. Verify the Just Text page is added.
10. Verify English text box appears on the text page.
11. Click the Language Selector (eg., One Language) from the Standard toolbar.
12. Verify the Language list opens.
13. Click the Second language ‘Tamil’.
14. Verify there are two language text boxes appearing on the text page.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic book.
2. Close Bloom application.
