---
id: 72
title: "Book claims"
description: "Test case for Book claims to use a font which is part of an unused style"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-09
last-modified: 2025-08-03
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click 'The Moon and the Cap' Shell book from Sample Shells heading which appears in the lower left pane of the Collections view.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button is available on the right pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Click Page 3 thumbnail.
6. Verify the page appears with a picture and texts.
7. Click the text pane.
8. Verify a gear icon appears at the bottom left corner of the text pane.
9. Click the gear icon.
10. Verify 'Format' dialog appears.
11. Click the 'Style Name' drop down list box.
12. Verify the list box opens.
13. Select 'Heading 1' Style.
14. Verify the texts appear in 'Heading 1' style.
15. Select 'Heading 2' Style.
16. Verify the texts appear in 'Heading2'style.
17. Click the Characters tab.
18. Click the 'Font' drop down list.
19. Select 'ABeeZee' font style.
20. Verify the Font style is changed to 'ABeeZee' font.
21. Click the Paragraph tab.
22. Click the 'Center' alignment.
23. Verify the text alignment is changed to Center alignment.
24. Click inside of the text pane.
25. Verify the Format dialog closes.
26. Click the Publish tab.
27. Click the Web button.
28. Verify Publish to Web page opens.
29. Click the 'Click to fix' link button under the Missing Copyright heading.
30. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
31. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder text box.
32. Click the OK button.
33. Verify Copyright and License dialog closes.
34. Verify all the three checkboxes are empty under Agreements heading.
35. Click all the three checkboxes under Agreements heading.
36. Verify 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button enabled.
37. Click the 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
38. Verify 'Sign In / Sign Up' dialog appears.
39. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
40. Verify 'Sign in with email'  dialog appears.
41. Enter a valid user email (eg.,barani@eth.net) in the email text field.
42. Click the 'Next' button.
43. Enter a valid password (eg.,B1234567@u)in the password field.
44. Click the 'Sign In' button.
45. Verify the 'UPLOAD BOOK(TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG) button appears under Upload heading.
46. Click the 'UPLOAD BOOK(TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG) button
47. Verify Upload Progress..message appears.
48. Wait for a few seconds.
49. Verify VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button is enabled.
50. Click VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button.
51. Verify the book opens in dev.bloomlibrary.org site.
52. Wait for a few seconds.
53. Verify 'This book has recently arrived in the Bloom Library..' green box appears.
54. Wait for a few more seconds.
55. Press F5 key to refresh the page.
56. Verify the READ button appears.
57. Click the READ button.
58. Verify the book opens in the Bloom Player.
59. Click the Next button.
60. Verify Page 1 appears.
61. Click the Next button.
62. Verify Page 2 appears.
63. Click the Next button.
64. Verify Page 3 appears.
65. Verify the changed format applied on the text.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete ‘The Moon and the Cap’ book.
2. Close Bloom application.
