---
id: 73
title: "Bloom first and second instance"
description: "Test case for ensuring the 2nd instance of Bloom does not open while the first instance is already open"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-26
last-modified: 2025-08-28
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
10. Right click on the Bloom Standard toolbar.
11. Verify an option menu appears.
12. Click the ‘Start Measuring Performance’ option.
13. Verify ‘Bloom Performance Measurement’ page opens in a browser window.

**Action Steps**

1. Enter 'bloomlibrary.org' in the browser window.
2. Press the Enter key.
3. Verify the bloomlibrary.org site opens.
4. Click the English book container.
5. Verify English books page opens.
6. Click any of the books. (eg., 19 - Cat and Dog and the Door)
7. Verify the book (eg., 19 - Cat and Dog and the Door) opens in a web page.
8. Click the 'Translate into your language - Download into Bloom Editor' button.
9. Verify 'Here it comes' dialog appears.
10. Verify Download Complete dialog appears with the OK button.
11. Click the OK button.
12. Click the Bloom icon from the task bar.
13. Verify  the book (eg., 19 - Cat and Dog and the Door) appears in the Bloom application.
14. Click the browser icon from the taskbar.
15. Verify the browser window opens.
16. Verify the book (eg., 19 - Cat and Dog and the Door) appears in the web page.
17. Click the Back button.
18. Verify the English Books page appears.
19. Click on some other book. (eg., Wild animals book)
20. Verify the book (eg., Wild animals book) opens in a web page.
21. Click the 'Translate into your language - Download into Bloom Editor' button.
22. Verify 'Here it comes' dialog appears.
23. Verify Download Complete dialog appears with the OK button.
24. Click the OK button.
25. Verify 'Here it comes!' dialog still appears.
26. Click the OK button.
27. Verify the dialog closes.
28. Click the Bloom icon from the task bar.
29. Verify the second book (eg., Wild animals book) should open in the same instance of bloom application.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Close the browser window.
3. Close Bloom application.
