---
id: 74
title: "Translating downloaded shell"
description: "Test case for translating a downloaded shell"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-26
last-modified: 2025-08-28
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Right click on the Bloom Standard toolbar.
3. Verify an option menu appears.
4. Click the ‘Start Measuring Performance’ option.
5. Verify ‘Bloom Performance Measurement’ page opens in a browser window.
6. Click the Minimize button of the browser window.
7. Verify the browser window minimizes.
8. Click the Settings button.
9. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
10. Click the 'Change' link button under the Local Language field.
11. Verify the Choose Language dialog opens.
12. Type 'Hindi' on the Search bar.
13. Verify 'Hindi' language appears under the search bar.
14. Click 'Hindi' language.
15. Verify Devanagari (Nagari) script buttons appear under the Hindi language bar.
16. Click the 'Devanagari (Nagari)' script button.
17. Click the OK button.
18. Verify the'मानक हिन्दी (hi)' language appears as Local Language.
19. Verify 'English (en)' language appears as National Language.
20. Click the 'Set' link button.
21. Verify Choose Language dialog opens.
22. Type 'Tamil' on the Search bar.
23. Verify 'Tamil' language appears under the search bar.
24. Click 'Tamil' language.
25. Verify Tamil script buttons appear under the Tamil language bar.
26. Click the 'Tamil' script button.
27. Click the OK button.
28. Verify the'தமிழ் (ta)' language appears as Regional Language.
29. Click the Restart button.
30. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
31. Click the Settings button.
32. Verify ''मानक हिन्दी (hi)' appears as a Local Language.
33. Verify 'English (en)' appears as a National Language.
34. Verify 'தமிழ் (ta)' appears as a Regional Language.
35. Click the OK button.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Collections tab.
2. Click the “The Moon and the Cap book” shell book from the Sample Shells heading.
3. Click the ‘MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE’ button.
4. Verify the Edit view opens.
5. Click Page 1 thumbnail.
6. Verify the Hindi text pane appears under the Picture pane.
7. Verify 'English' and 'francais' languages appear in Source bubble.
8. Click on the Hindi text pane.
9. Paste 'गरमा गरम समोसे की खुशबू आते ही समझ गया कि मदन हलवाई ' text on the text box.
10. Verify the pasted hindi text appears on the text pane.
11. Click the Language Selector from the Standard toolbar.
12. Verify the language list appears on the toolbar.
13. Click 'English' language.
14. Verify the English text pane appears (with text) under Hindi text pane.
15. Verify 'francais' and 'Tibetan' languages appear in Source bubble.
16. Click the Language Selector from the Standard toolbar.
17. Verify the language list appears on the toolbar.
18. Click 'Tamil' language.
19. Verify the Tamil text pane appears under the English text pane.
20. Verify 'francais' and 'Tibetan' languages appear in Source bubble.
21. Paste the text'ராஜாவே நேர்ல வந்து சமாதானம் சொல்லியும் அவுங்களுக்குள்ள சண்ட முடியவே இல்ல' ' in the Tamil text pane.
22. Verify the texts appear in the Tamil language text pane.
23. Click the Publish tab.
24. Click the BloomPUB button.
25. Verify the Publish as BloomPUB page opens.
26. Verify the 'मानक हिन्दी  Language appears and it greyed out under 'Text Languages' heading.
27. Verify the தமிழ் Language appears and it greyed out under 'Text Languages' heading.
28. Verify the English Language appears and it greyed out under 'Text Languages' heading.
29. Click the Preview button.
30. Verify the book opens in the BloomPUB view.
31. Click the Next button.
32. Verify Page 1 appears.
33. Verify the three languages 'Hindi, 'English' and Tamil appear on the page.
34. Click the Globe icon which appears at the top right side of the page.
35. Verify the Language Chooser dialog opens.
36. Verify the three languages (Hindi, English and Tamil) appear in the dialog.
37. Click the 'Tamil' radio button.
38. Verify the page only shows the Picture and the Tamil texts.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Close the Browser window.
2. Delete the Moon and the Cap book.
3. Close Bloom application.
