---
id: 75
title: "New book Images"
description: "Test case for Images in a new book"
issues: []
created: 2024-09-26
last-modified: 2025-08-06
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download a large picture (07_05_16x9.png) from https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1WM78n2636XtbT3Tr1Rx8LM0MQlsoa9hP (Needs Developer's approval)
2. Download a large picture (06_17_16x9.png) from https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1WM78n2636XtbT3Tr1Rx8LM0MQlsoa9hP (Needs Developer's approval)
3. Download ‘TIFF requiring shrinkage 3.tiff’ image from https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1WT_CvWP1PdesPqh7ALbQI8fzrAozI_LZ (Needs Developer's approval)
4. Download ‘Plain JPG no shrinkage needed 1.jpg’ image from from https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1WT_CvWP1PdesPqh7ALbQI8fzrAozI_LZ (Needs Developer's approval)
5. Download ‘PNG requiring shrinkage 1.png’ image from https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1WT_CvWP1PdesPqh7ALbQI8fzrAozI_LZ (Needs Developer's approval)
6. Type 'File Explorer' on the Windows Search bar.
7. Verify File Explorer option appears on the menu.
8. Click File Explorer option.
9. Verify File Explorer dialog opens.
10. Click the Downloads option from the left pane.
11. Right Click on 'PNG requiring shrinkage 1.png' file.
12. Verify a popup menu opens.
13. Click Open With.. option.
14. Verify a submenu opens.
15. Click 'Paint' option.
16. Verify the Paint window opens.
17. Press Ctrl+A to select the picture.
18. Press Ctrl+C to copy the picture.
19. Type 'LibreOffice Writer' on the Windows Search bar.
20. Verify LibreOffice Writer option appears on the menu.
21. Click the LibreOffice Writer option.
22. Verify LibreOffice Writer Window opens.
23. Press Ctrl+V to paste the image.
24. Verify the image is pasted on the document.
25. Click the File menu.
26. Verify File menu opens.
27. Click Save button.
28. Verify Save dialog opens.
29. Enter 'PictureFile' in the File Name text box.
30. Click the Save button.
31. Verify the document is save in the Downloads folder.
32. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
5. Right click on the Bloom toolbar.
6. Verify a popup menu opens.
7. Click the ‘Meddle with New Files’ option.
8. Verify a Meddler window opens.
9. Verify 'Ready to meddle. Press Enter to stop' appears in the window.
10. Click the Minimize button on the Command prompt.
11. Click the Front Cover page.
12. Click 'Change button' in the Picture pane.
13. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog appears.
14. Click the 'File' button from the toolbar.
15. Verify 'Choose Picture File' dialog box opens.
16. Click the Downloads folder.
17. Click '07_05_16x9'.PNG file.
18. Click the Open button.
19. Verify the Picture appear in the Preview pane.
20. Click the OK button.
21. Verify the picture appear in the picture pane.
22. Click the Collections tab.
23. Verify the Front cover appears in the right pane.
24. Click EDIT THIS BOOK button.
25. Verify the books opens in the Edit view.
26. Click the Front Cover page.
27. Click 'Change button' in the Picture pane.
28. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog appears.
29. Click the 'File' button from the toolbar.
30. Verify 'Choose Picture File' dialog box opens.
31. Click the Downloads folder.
32. Click '06_17_16x9'.PNG file.
33. Click the Open button.
34. Verify the Picture appear in the Preview pane.
35. Click the OK button.
36. Verify the picture appears in the picture pane.
37. Click the Collections tab.
38. Verify the Front cover appears in the right pane.
39. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
40. Verify the books opens in the Edit view.
41. Click on the Title box.
42. Type ‘Testing Book’ in the Title box.
43. Verify the Title appears in the Title box.
44. Click the Collections tab.
45. Verify the Front cover appears with title in the right pane.
46. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
47. Verify the books opens in the Edit view.
48. Click the Front Cover page.
49. Click 'Change button' in the Picture pane.
50. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog appears.
51. Click the Image Galleries button from the toolbar.
52. Type "Butterfly" in the Search bar.
53. Click the Search button.
54. Verify the "Butterfly" image appears in the Galleries pane.
55. Select the 'Butterfly' image.
56. Click the OK button.
57. Verify the Butterfly image appears on the Front cover page.
58. Click the Collections tab.
59. Verify the Front cover appears with the title in the right pane.
60. Click 'Change button' in the Picture pane.
61. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog appears.
62. Click the 'File' button from the toolbar.
63. Verify 'Choose Picture File' dialog box opens.
64. Click the Downloads folder.
65. Click 'PNG requiring shrinkage 1.png' file.
66. Click the Open button.
67. Verify the Picture appears in the Preview pane.
68. Click the OK button.
69. Verify the picture appears in the picture pane.
70. Click the Collections tab.
71. Verify the Front cover appears in the right pane.
72. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
73. Verify the books opens in the Edit view.
74. Click 'Change button' in the Picture pane.
75. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog appears.
76. Click the 'File' button from the toolbar.
77. Verify 'Choose Picture File' dialog box opens.
78. Click the Downloads folder.
79. Click 'Plain JPG no shrinkage needed 1.jpg' file.
80. Click the Open button.
81. Verify the Picture appear in the Preview pane.
82. Click the OK button.
83. Verify the picture appear in the picture pane.
84. Click the Collections tab.
85. Verify the Front cover appears in the right pane.
86. Click 'Change button' in the Picture pane.
87. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog appears.
88. Click the 'File' button from the toolbar.
89. Verify 'Choose Picture File' dialog box opens.
90. Click the Downloads folder.
91. Click 'TIFF requiring shrinkage 3.tif' file.
92. Click the Open button.
93. Verify the Picture appears in the Preview pane.
94. Click the OK button.
95. Verify the picture appears in the picture pane.
96. Click the Collections tab.
97. Verify the Front cover appears in the right pane.
98. Type 'File Explorer' on the Windows Search bar.
99. Verify File Explorer option appears on the menu.
100. Click File Explorer option.
101. Verify File Explorer dialog opens.
102. Click the Downloads option from the left pane.
103. Right Click on 'PNG requiring shrinkage 1.png' file.
104. Verify a popup menu opens.
105. Click Open With.. option.
106. Verify a submenu opens.
107. Click 'Paint' option.
108. Verify the Paint window opens.
109. Press Ctrl+A to select the picture.
110. Press Ctrl+C to copy the picture.
111. Click the Collections tab.
112. Click EDIT THIS BOOK button.
113. Verify the books opens in the Edit view.
114. Click the Front Cover page.
115. Click on the picture pane.
116. Verify 'Image Edit' options appears in a box.
117. Click the 'Paste Image' button.
118. Verify the image pasted in the Picture pane.
119. Type 'LibreOffice Writer' on the Windows Search bar.
120. Verify LibreOffice Writer option appears on the menu.
121. Click the LibreOffice Writer option.
122. Verify LibreOffice Writer Window opens.
123. Click File menu.
124. Verify File menu opens.
125. Click the Open option.
126. Verify the Open dialog appears.
127. Click the Downloads button from the left pane.
128. Verify the Downloads folder opens.
129. Click 'PictureFile.odt' document.
130. Click the Open button.
131. Verify the PictureFile document opens.
132. Verify an image appears in the document.
133. Press Ctrl+A to select the picture.
134. Press Ctrl+C to copy the picture.
135. Click the Collections tab.
136. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
137. Verify the books opens in the Edit view.
138. Click the Front Cover page.
139. Click on the picture pane.
140. Verify 'Image Edit' options appear in a box.
141. Click the 'Paste Image' button.
142. Verify the image pasted in the Picture pane.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic book.
2. Close LibreOffice Writer.
3. Close Meddler Window.
4. Close Bloom application.
