---
id: 76
title: "Formatting and Editing Text"
description: "Test case for Formatting and Editing the Text"
issues: []
created: 2024-10-01
last-modified: 2025-08-29
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the "Other Collection" button located on the toolbar in the top-right corner
2. Verify that the 'Open/Create Collections' dialog opens
3. Click the 'Create a New Collection' button
4. Verify that the 'Create New Bloom Collection' dialog opens.
5. Type "tamil" in the search box.
6. Verify that the list of language code is displayed under the search box
7. Select the language code" Tamil ta" from the list
8. Verify that "Select a script" pop up appeared
9. Select the option "Tamil"
10. Verify that "Select a script" pop up removed
11. Click the Next button
12. Verify the 'Font and Script' dialog opens.
13. Click the Next button.
14. Verify the 'Given Language Location' dialog opens.
15. Click the Next button.
16. Verify the 'Collection Name' dialog opens with the text box
17. Enter the text "Tamil Books Collection" into the text box
18. Click the Next button.
19. Verify the 'Ready to Create New Collection' dialog opens.
20. Click the Finish button.
21. Verify that the application closes and reopens automatically
22. Verify the 'Tamil Books Collection' is created in the Bloom Editor.
23. Click the "Basic Book" template in the "Sources For New Books" section
24. Click the button "Make a book using this source" in the right pane
25. Verify that the tab redirected to the "Edit" tab
26. Click on the "Collections" tab
27. Verify that the book appeared under the 'Tamil Books Collection'
28. Right click on the toolbar.
29. Click the ‘Start Measuring Performance’ option.
30. Verify that browser launch and Performance Log page opens.
31. Navigate to the bloom application
32. Click the "Basic Book" template in the "Sources For New Books" section
33. Click the button "Make a book using this source" in the right pane
34. Verify that the tab redirected to the "Edit" tab
35. Click on the "Add Page" button in the left pane bottom
36. Verify that the "Add Page..." dialog opens
37. Select "Just Text" page in the "Basic Pages" section
38. Click on "Add Page" button
39. Verify that the Text page opens
40. Click on the "One Language" dropdown in the toolbar
41. Select "English" Language
42. Verify that the dropdown name changes into "Two Languages"
43. Hover the mouse on the Text page
44. Verify that the text page splits into two sections (i.e.,Tamil and English )
45. Type a text in the Tamil text section
46. Type a text in the English text section
47. Verify that the Format gearbox appeared at the bottom left corner of the English text section
48. Click the Format gearbox appeared
49. Verify that the "Format" dialog opens
50. Click the “Paragraph” tab
51. Click the Center Alignment option
52. Verify that text in  both the sections (ie., Tamil and English) appeared in the Center
53. Click the “Characters” tab
54. Click the Bold Style in the Emphasis
55. Verify that the text in both section changes into bold style
56. Click the Underline style in the Emphasis
57. Verify that the underline appeared to the text in both sections
58. Click the "Style Name" tab
59. Verify that the "Style" dropdown appeared
60. Select the ‘Heading 1’ Style from the dropdown
61. Verify that the text in both sections changes into Heading 1 style
62. Click the Character tab
63. Verify that nothing changes in the style of the text
64. Open the Performance Log page in the browser
65. Verify there is no performance issue appeared during the process

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete Tamil Book Collection.
2. Close Bloom application.
