---
id: 78
title: "Upload and re-upload of a book containing >1000 files (Automic Upload)"
description: "Test case for upload and re-upload of a book containing >1000 files (Automic Upload)"
issues: []
created: 2024-10-01
last-modified: 2025-10-15
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download atomic upload test from the given link : https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1qWVpOtwxbI-Y0xWWlcaGhQOVhsZh4rVH
2. Paste in the Bloom Folder. (eg., C:\Users\UserName\Documents\Bloom)
3. Double Click on the 'atomic upload test' folder.
4. Verify the folder opens.
5. Double click on 'atomic upload test' Bloom Book Collection file.
6. Verify the book opens in the Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Settings button.
2. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
3. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
4. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
5. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
6. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
7. Click the Restart button.
8. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
9. Click the Settings button.
10. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
11. Click the Book Making tab.
12. Select Traditional under Front/Back Matter Pack. (if it is not selected)
13. Click the Bloom Library Bookshelf drop down.
14. Select 'test-bookshelf-2'. (if it is not selected)
15. Click the Restart button.
16. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
17. Select '1000 files' under the Book Collection.
18. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
19. Verify a Warning dialog "The current selected form is 'Charis SIL Literacy', but.." appears on the edit mode.
20. Click the Close button.
21. Click the Publish tab.
22. Click the Web button.
23. Verify Publish to Web page opens.
24. Check all the three checkboxes under Agreements.(if it is not checked)
25. Select the Visibility (Draft) Check box.
26. Click 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
27. Verify it opens the Sign In / Sign Up dialog.
28. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
29. Enter the registered email (with bloom) in the Email text box. (eg., shawn@eth.net)
30. Click the Next button.
31. Enter valid password in the password text box.
32. Click the Sign In button.
33. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button appears on the Publish to Web view.
34. Click 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' drop down list.
35. Select ‘UPLOAD THIS COLLECTION “ button.
36. Click the ‘UPLOAD THIS COLLECTION’ button.
37. Wait for a few seconds.
38. Verify that an updated message (eg., Uploaded x new books) appears on the command prompt dialog.
39. Enter https://dev.bloomlibrary.org/test-bookshelf-2 in the browser window.
40. Verify the test-bookshelf-2 page opens.
41. Click the Avatar which appears at the top right corner of the page.
42. Verify the profile menu opens.
43. Click My Books option.
44. Verify the My Books page opens.
45. Verify the uploaded books appear on the bookshelf.
46. Click the Close button.
47. Verify the browser window closes.
48. Click the Collections tab.
49. Verify the Collections view opens.
50. Click ‘1000 files’ book thumbnail.
51. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
52. Click Page 1.
53. Drag it after Page 2. (ie., Swap the order of the 1st and 2nd page. )
54. Click the Publish tab.
55. Click the Web button.
56. Verify Publish to Web page opens.
57. Verify all the three checkboxes under Agreements.
58. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button appears on the Publish to Web view.
59. Click 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' drop down list.
60. Select ‘UPLOAD THIS COLLECTION “ button.
61. Click the ‘UPLOAD THIS COLLECTION’ button.
62. Wait for a few seconds.
63. Verify that no error appears during the upload process.
64. Verify that an updated message (eg., updated x new books) appears on the command prompt dialog.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the ‘atomic upload test’ Book Collection.
3. Close Bloom application.
