---
id: 82
title: "Reupload by user with Collection permission"
description: "Test case for Reupload by user with Collection permission"
issues: []
created: 2024-10-01
last-modified: 2025-10-10
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click "The Moon and the Cap" Shell book under Sample Shells.
2. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Verify the book opens in the Edit view.
4. Click the Credits Page.
5. Click Needs Copyright button in the Credits Page.
6. Verify Copyright and License dialog opens.
7. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder name box.
8. Click the OK button.
9. Click the Publish tab.
10. Click the Web button.
11. Verify Publish to Web view opens.
12. Check all the three checkboxes under Agreements.
13. Select the Visibility (Draft) Check box.
14. Click 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.
15. Verify it opens the Sign In / Sign Up dialog.
16. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
17. Enter the registered email (with bloom) in the Email text box. (eg., shawn@eth.net)
18. Click the Next button.
19. Enter valid password in the password text box.
20. Click the Sign In button.
21. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button appears on the Publish to Web view.
22. Click 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button
23. Wait for a few seconds.
24. Click VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button.
25. Verify the book opens in the blorg. (ie., dev.bloomlibrary.org).
26. Verify the Draft stamp appears on the page.
27. Click the Close button.
28. Verify the browser window closes.
29. Click the Edit tab in Bloom.
30. Click the Front Cover page.
31. Delete 'The Moon and the Cap' title from the title box.
32. Enter 'The Moon and the Boy' in the title box.
33. Click the Publish tab.
34. Click the Web button.
35. Verify Publish to Web view opens.
36. Click the SIGN OUT(eg., USERNAME@ETH.NET) button.
37. Verify SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG button appears.
38. Click SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG button
39. Verify it opens the Sign In / Sign Up dialog.
40. Click the 'Sign in with email' button.
41. Enter the "Collection Editor Account" email (with bloom) in the Email text box. (eg., peter@eth.net)
42. Click the Next button.
43. Enter valid password in the password text box.
44. Click the Sign In button.
45. Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button appears on the Publish to Web view.
46. Click 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button
47. Verify "Is this an update of your existing book?" Collision ID dialog box appear.
48. Verify 'You have permission to modify this book' message appears.
49. Verify that the Original uploader avatar appears first.
50. Verify the second uploader avatar appears near 'You have permission to modify this book message.
51. Click the "Yes, I want to update this book" radio button.
52. Do not tick the check box under the "Yes.." radio button.
53. Click the UPLOAD button.
54. Wait for a few seconds.
55. Click VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY.
56. Verify the book opens in the bloomlibrary site.
57. Verify the uploaded book has the new title.
58. Verify the uploaded book retained the original uploader.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Shell book.
2. Close Bloom application.
