---
id: 83
title: "ePUB accessibility"
description: "Test case for ePUB accessibility"
issues: []
created: 2024-10-01
last-modified: 2025-08-28
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Tap PlayStore on the Android Mobile device.
2. Verify the playstore app opens.
3. Enter 'ekitabu reader' in the search box.
4. Verify 'ekitabu reader'app appears on the list box.
5. Tap 'ekitabu reader'app.
6. Verify Install button appears.
7. Click the Install button.
8. Verify the installed ekitabu reader app appears with the Open button.
9. Click the Back button to close the application.
10. Connect the Android Mobile to the Computer via USB cable.
11. Type 'https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9mtzsjs9jsvw?hl=en-US&gl=US' in a browser search bar.
12. Verify eKitabu e-reader page opens.
13. Click the Download button.
14. Verify eKitabu Installer file is downloaded in the system.
15. Double click on the 'eKitabu e-reader Installer' file.
16. Verify 'eKitabu e-reader..The latest version is installed' dialog box appears.
17. Launch Bloom application
18. Right click on the Bloom Standard toolbar.
19. Verify an option menu appears.
20. Click the ‘Start Measuring Performance’ option.
21. Verify ‘Bloom Performance Measurement’ page opens in a browser window.
22. Click the Minimize button of the browser window.
23. Verify the browser window minimizes.
24. Click the Settings button.
25. Verify Settings dialog opens.
26. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
27. Type 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription Code text box.
28. Click the Restart button.
29. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Enter https://bloomlibrary.org/book/oio92dZiu0 in the browser window.
2. Press the Enter key.
3. Verify the book (eg., Aminata and the red spiky ball) opens in the web page.
4. Click the 'Translate into your language - Download into Bloom Editor' button.
5. Verify 'Here, it comes up' dialog appears.
6. Verify Downloading book message appears for a few seconds.
7. Verify Download complete dialog appears.
8. Click the OK button.
9. Click the Bloom icon which appears in the task bar.
10. Verify Bloom applications opens.
11. Verify the downloaded book appears on the right preview pane.
12. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
13. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
14. Click the Publish tab.
15. Click the ePUB button.
16. Verify Publish as ePUB view opens.
17. Click the Save button.
18. Verify Creating ePUB dialog appears.
19. Verify Save As dialog opens.
20. Click the Save button.
21. Verify the book saved in the documents folder.
22. Click the Close button.
23. Verify Creating ePUB dialog closes.
24. Press Ctrl+E keys.
25. Verify File Explorer dialog opens.
26. Click the Documents option from the left pane.
27. Verify the Documents folder opens.
28. Double-click the book (eg., Aminata and the red spiky ball)
29. Verify the book opens in the eKitabu application.
30. Click the (i) information button.
31. Verify the Book name and description appears on the information page.
32. Click the Close button.
33. Verify the Front cover page appears.
34. Click the '>' Next button.
35. Verify page 1 and 2 appears in a single page.
36. Click the Close button of the ekitabu application.
37. Verify the ekitabu application closes.
38. Click the Close button of the Bloom application.
39. Verify the Bloom application closes.
40. Enter https://bloomlibrary.org/chetana/book/1BMJGyHsm2?lang=en in the browser window.
41. Press the Enter key.
42. Verify the book (eg., Bo, Messy and Shampoo) opens in the web page.
43. Click the 'Translate into your language - Download into Bloom Editor' button.
44. Verify 'Here, it comes up' dialog appears.
45. Verify Downloading book message appears for a few seconds.
46. Verify Download complete dialog appears.
47. Click the OK button.
48. Verify the Bloom application opens with a downloaded book.
49. Verify the downloaded book appears on the right preview pane.
50. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
51. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
52. Click the Publish tab.
53. Click the ePUB button.
54. Verify Publish as ePUB view opens.
55. Click the Save button.
56. Verify Creating ePUB dialog appears.
57. Verify Save As dialog opens.
58. Click the Save button.
59. Verify the book (eg., Bo, Messy and Shampoo) saved in the documents folder.
60. Click the Close button.
61. Verify Creating ePUB dialog closes.
62. Press Ctrl+E keys.
63. Verify File Explorer dialog opens.
64. Click the Documents option from the left pane.
65. Verify the Documents folder opens.
66. Right click on the book (eg., Bo, Messy and Shampoo)
67. Verify an option menu opens.
68. Click the 'Copy' option.
69. Open the location in the Android mobile (eg., Mobile>Internal shared storage)
70. Paste the ePUB file.
71. Verify the ePUB file ( Bo, Messy and Shampoo.epub) pasted on the storage folder.
72. Tap the eKitabu application on the Mobile device.
73. Verify the eKitabu application opens.
74. Click the 3 line button which appears at the top left corner of the page.
75. Verify an option menu opens.
76. Click the 'Books on this device' option.
77. Verify Books on this device page.
78. Click the '+' symbol which appears at the top right corner of the page.
79. Verify the 'Recent file' (or Recent folder) opens.
80. Click the 'Bo Messy and Shampoo.epub' file.
81. Verify the book opens in the Books on this device page.
82. Verify the Title and the Author of the book appears
83. Click the 'Read' button.
84. Verify the Front cover page opens.
85. Change the mobile orientation from Portrait to Landscape mode.
86. Verify the book appears in the landscape mode.
87. Click the Next button.
88. Verify Page 1 appears on the screen.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Aminata and the red spiky ball book.
3. Delete the Bo Messy and Shampoo book.
4. Uninstall eKitabu application from the computer.
5. Uninstall eKitabu application from the Android Mobile device.
6. Close the Browser Window.
7. Close Bloom application.
