---
id: 84
title: "Copyright and Licencing options"
description: "est case for various Copyright and Licencing options such as Public Domain, Various CC, All right Reserved and Custom"
issues: []
created: 2024-10-01
last-modified: 2025-09-05
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the “Basic Book” under the “Templates” area.
2. Verify that the  “Basic Book” template is displayed in the "Right pane".
3. Click the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.
4. Verify that the book opens in the "Edit" mode.
5. Click the “Credits Page” in the “Pages” pane.
6. Hover the mouse over the “Credits Page”.
7. Click the “Click to Edit Copyright & License” option.
8. Verify that the “Copyright & License” dialog box opens.
9. Type “Tester1” in the “Copyright Holder” field.
10. Switch to the “LICENSE” tab.
11. Verify that the license information is displayed.
12. Click the radio button for “Anyone can use it however they want.”
13. Verify that the “PUBLIC DOMAIN” badge is displayed in the top right corner.
14. Click the “OK” button.
15. Verify that the “PUBLIC DOMAIN” badge is displayed on the “Credits Page”.
16. Click the “Click to Edit Copyright & License” option.
17. Verify that the “Copyright & License” dialog box opens.
18. Switch to the “LICENSE” tab.
19. Verify that the license information is displayed.
20. Click the radio button for “Everyone is allowed to:”
21. Verify that all Checkbox under the “Everyone is allowed to:” is checked.
22. Verify that the “CC BY” badge is displayed in the top right corner.
23. Click the “OK” button.
24. Verify that the “CC BY” badge is displayed on the “Credits Page”.
25. Verify that the license is set to version 4.0 under the “CC BY” badge.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the ‘Basic Book’ collection.
2. Close Bloom application.
