---
id: 85
title: "Importing Super Large Image in the Picture pane"
description: "Test case for importing Super Large Image in the Picture pane"
issues: []
created: 2024-10-01
last-modified: 2025-09-04
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download two Starry Night images (Starry_Night_1.jpg and Starry_Night_2.jpg) from the given link 'https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/1RNKdaVfo5nFrKcDKoi3w5n20jOGG1QfK' (to the Downloads folder)
2. Launch Bloom application
3. Click the Settings button.
4. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
5. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
6. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
7. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
8. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
9. Click the Restart button.
10. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic Book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the Book opens in the Edit view.
5. Click the Add Page button.
6. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
7. Select 'Just a Picture' template.
8. Click the 'Add Page' button.
9. Verify the Picture page is added.
10. Click the Change button in the Picture page.
11. Verify the Image toolbox dialog opens.
12. Click the File button.
13. Verify the 'Choose Picture File' dialog opens.
14. Click the 'Downloads' from the left pane.
15. Verify the Downloads folder opens.
16. Click the 'Starry_Night_1.jpg' file.
17. Click the Open button.
18. Verify 'Bloom had a problem' dialog opens.
19. Verify there is an error message showing“Bloom ran out of memory error loading this image” appearing on the screen.
20. Click the "Help" hyperlink.
21. Verify it opens the corresponding Help page. (eg., Running out of memory loading images - page)
22. Click the Close button.
23. Verify the browser window closes.
24. Click the Close button.
25. Verify the 'Bloom had a problem' dialog closes.
26. Click the File button.
27. Verify the 'Choose Picture File' dialog opens.
28. Click the 'Downloads' from the left pane.
29. Verify the Downloads folder opens.
30. Click the 'Starry_Night_2.jpg' file.
31. Click the Open button.
32. Verify the Starry_Night image appears in the Preview pane.
33. Click the OK button.
34. Verify the image appears on the picture pane and not shrink.
35. Click on the Starry_Night image.
36. Verify Image toolbar appears under the picture pane.
37. Click the ellipse button.
38. Verify a popup menu opens.
39. Click the Delete option.
40. Verify the image is removed from the page.
41. Press Ctrl+E to open Files Explorer.
42. Click the Downloads folder option from the right pane.
43. Right click on 'Starry_Night_1.jpg' image.
44. Verify an option menu opens.
45. Click the Copy option.
46. Click the Bloom icon from the taskbar.
47. Verify the Bloom application opens.
48. Click on the picture pane.
49. Verify Image toolbar appears under the picture pane.
50. Click the ellipse button.
51. Verify a popup menu opens.
52. Click the 'Paste Image' option.
53. Verify an error message 'Bloom failed to interpret the clipboard contents as an image..'appears in the dialog.
54. Click the OK button.
55. Verify the error message disappears.
56. Press Ctrl+E to open Files Explorer.
57. Click the Downloads folder option from the right pane.
58. Right click on 'Starry_Night_2.jpg' image.
59. Verify an option menu opens.
60. Click the Copy option.
61. Click the Bloom icon from the taskbar.
62. Verify the Bloom application opens.
63. Click on the picture pane.
64. Verify Image toolbar appears under the picture pane.
65. Click the ellipse button.
66. Verify a popup menu opens.
67. Click the 'Paste Image' option.
68. Verify the image appears on the picture pane and not shrink.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Remove the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Basic book.
3. Delete the 2 images from the Downloads folder.
4. Close Bloom application.
