---
id: 86
title: "Renaming a book thumbnail"
description: "Test case for Renaming a book thumbnail"
issues: []
created: 2024-10-01
last-modified: 2025-10-29
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download English Books.zip from the given link : https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1qWVpOtwxbI-Y0xWWlcaGhQOVhsZh4rVH
2. Extract the English Books.zip file.
3. Verify English Books folder appears.
4. Double click on the English Books folder.
5. Verify the book folder opens.
6. Double click on the English Books.Bloom Book collection.
7. Verify the English Books Collection opens in the Bloom application.
8. Click the Settings button.
9. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
10. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
11. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
12. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
13. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
14. Click the Restart button.
15. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Right click 'Title Missing' book thumbnail under English Books.
2. Verify a context menu opens.
3. Click the 'Rename Book..' option.
4. Enter 'Test Book' in the edit box.
5. Press the Enter key.
6. Verify the Book name is renamed to 'Test Book'
7. Right click on the 'Test Book' thumbnail.
8. Verify a context menu opens.
9. Click the 'Duplicate Book' option.
10. Verify a duplicate book named 'Test Book - Copy' is added under the book collection.
11. Right click on the 'Test Book - Copy' thumbnail.
12. Verify a context menu opens.
13. Click the 'Delete Book..' option.
14. Verify 'Confirm Delete' dialog appears.
15. Click the Delete button.
16. Verify the book 'Test Book - Copy' is deleted from the collection.
17. Right click on the 'Test Book' thumbnail.
18. Verify a context menu opens.
19. Click the 'Show in File Explorer' option.
20. Verify the corresponding book folder opens in the file explorer window.
21. Click the close button.
22. Verify the file explorer window closes.
23. Right click on the 'Test Book' thumbnail.
24. Verify a context menu opens.
25. Click the "More" option.
26. Verify a Submenu opens.
27. Verify "Export to Spreadsheet and Import Content from Spreadsheet" options are enabled in the Submenu.
28. Right click on "Basic book" under Book Templates
29. Verify nothing happens.
30. Right Click on "eBook" under Book Templates.
31. Verify nothing happens.
32. Right click on the Sign Language book (or any other book)under Specialized Templates.
33. Verify nothing happens.
34. Right click on "A Family Learns about.." Shell Book under Sample Shells.
35. Verify nothing happens.
36. Right Click on "The Moon and the Cap" Shell under Sample Shells.
37. Verify nothing happens.
38. Right click on '1 - Beginning with God..' book (or any other book)under Books From BloomLibrary.org.
39. Verify context menu opens.
40. Click the 'Show in File Explorer' option.
41. Verify the corresponding book folder opens in the file explorer window.
42. Click the close button.
43. Verify the file explorer window closes.
44. Right click on '1 - Beginning with God..' book (or any other book)
45. Verify context menu opens.
46. Click the 'Delete Book..' option.
47. Verify 'Confirm Delete' dialog appears.
48. Click the Delete button.
49. Verify the book '1 - Beginning with God..' book is deleted.
50. Right click on 'Cat and Dog:Alphabet' book (or any other book) added via -  SHOW ANOTHER COLLECTION
51. Verify context menu opens.
52. Click the 'Show in File Explorer' option.
53. Verify the corresponding book folder opens in the file explorer window.
54. Click the close button.
55. Verify the file explorer window closes.
56. Right click on 'Cat and Dog:Alphabet' book (or any other book)
57. Verify context menu opens.
58. Click the 'Move into English Books' option.
59. Verify 'Cat and Dog:Alphabet' book is moved to English Book Collection.
60. Click the Other Collection button.
61. Verify Open/Create Collections dialog opens.
62. Select a Team Collection book (eg., English TC Books)
63. Verify the Team Collection book opens.
64. Click on the Book thumbnail which has an avatar.
65. Verify 'This book is checked out to you' message appears at the lower right pane.
66. Right click on the book thumbnail (with avatar).
67. Verify a context menu opens.
68. Click the 'Rename Book..' option.
69. Enter 'TC Book' in the edit box.
70. Press the Enter key.
71. Verify the Book name is renamed to 'TC Book'
72. Right click on the 'TC Book' thumbnail.
73. Verify a context menu opens.
74. Click the 'Duplicate Book' option.
75. Verify a duplicate book named 'TC Book - Copy' is added under the TC book collection.
76. Right click on the 'TC Book - Copy' thumbnail.
77. Verify a context menu opens.
78. Click the 'Delete Book..' option.
79. Verify 'Confirm Delete' dialog appears.
80. Click the Delete button.
81. Verify the book 'TC Book - Copy' is deleted from the TC book collection.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription Code.
2. Delete the English Books Collection.
3. Delete the Team Collection Book.
4. Close Bloom application.
