---
id: 87
title: "Error handling for crash"
description: "Test case for Error handling works when bloom crash"
issues: []
created: 2024-10-01
last-modified: 2025-09-04
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application
2. Click the Settings button.
3. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
4. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
5. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
6. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
7. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
8. Click the Restart button.
9. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic Book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the Book opens in the Edit view.
5. Click the Add Page button.
6. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
7. Select 'Just a Picture' template.
8. Click the 'Add Page' button.
9. Verify the Picture page is added.
10. Click the Change button in the Picture page.
11. Verify the Image toolbox dialog opens.
12. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
13. Press the Enter key.
14. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
15. Click any of the Car images.
16. Click the OK button.
17. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
18. Click the 'Get Help(?)' button which appears at the top right corner of the window.
19. Verify the Help menu opens.
20. Click the 'Report a Problem..' option.
21. Verify Report a Problem dialog opens.
22. Click the 'Learn More' option.
23. Verify the error report (or diagnostic information) appears on the page.
24. Scroll down error report.
25. Verify the latest edits on the page should appear with a time stamp. (eg., 14:38:02 ChangedPicture aor_jeep-1.png..)
26. Click the Back button.
27. Click the Cancel button.
28. Verify Report a Problem dialog closes.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Basic Book.
2. Delete the Subscription code.
3. Close Bloom application.
