---
id: 89
title: "Adding Widgets in a book"
description: "Test case for adding Widgets in a book"
issues: []
created: 2024-10-01
last-modified: 2025-09-05
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Download ‘01 Abau T1-Y1.widget’ from https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/18cHyUxMxIKVCOL5NcaRwv86IL1xr34WL (Needs Developer’s approval)
2. Connect Android Mobile to the Computer via USB Cable.
3. Verify the Bloom Reader installed in the Android Mobile.
4. Launch Bloom application
5. Click the Settings button.
6. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
7. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
8. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
9. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
10. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
11. Click the Restart button.
12. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click an eBook under Templates in the Collections view.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button appears on the preview pane.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the Edit mode.
5. Enter ‘Adding Widgets' on the Front cover title box.
6. Click the Change Image button on the Picture pane. (Front cover)
7. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
8. Enter 'Car' in the Searchbox.
9. Press the Enter key.
10. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
11. Click any of the Car images.
12. Click the OK button.
13. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
14. Click the Credits Page.
15. Verify the Copyright and License dialog opens.
16. Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holer text box.
17. Click the OK button.
18. Verify the Copyright and License dialog closes.
19. Click the Add Page button.
20. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
21. Click the 'Widget Page' template.
22. Click the Add Page button.
23. Verify the 'Captive Widget Page' is added.
24. Hover the mouse over the Widget page.
25. Verify Choose Widget button appears.
26. Click the Choose Widget button.
27. Verify the 'Open' dialog appears
28. Click the Downloads option from the left pane.
29. Verify 01 Abau T1-Y1.widget file appears.
30. Click on the 01 Abau T1-Y1.widget file.
31. Click the Open button.
32. Verify the widget page appears in the edit view.
33. Click the Publish tab.
34. Click the BloomPUB button.
35. Verify Publish as BloomPUB page appears.
36. Verify the Game feature is ticked under 'Features' heading.
37. Select 'Send over USB Cable' radio button.
38. Click the 'CONNECT WITH USB CABLE' button.
39. Verfify Publishing dialog flashes on the screen.
40. Tap the Bloom Reader app on the Android mobile.
41. Verify the 'Adding Widgets' Book appears on the Bloom Reader menu.
42. Tap on the 'Adding Widgets' book.
43. Verify the book opens in the landscape mode.
44. Tap the Next page.
45. Verify the Widget page is working fine.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Remove the USB cable Android Mobile from the Computer.
2. Delete the Subscription Code.
3. Delete ‘Adding Widgets’ book.
4. Close Bloom Reader application.
5. Close Bloom application.
