---
id: 90
title: "Adding special characters using Keyboarding & Mousing"
description: "Test case for adding special characters using Keyboarding & Mousing"
issues: []
created: 2024-10-01
last-modified: 2025-09-09
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Scroll down within the "Source For New Books" section in the left pane
2. Verify that the 'The Moon and the Cap' book appeared under the "Sample Shells"
3. Click 'The Moon and the Cap' book
4. Verify that the 'The Moon and the Cap' book preview appeared in the right pane
5. Click on the “MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE” button
6. Verify that the ‘The Moon and the Cap’ book is opened in the edit mode
7. Click the "Add page" button in the "Pages" section
8. Verify that the "Add Page..." dialog opens
9. Select the "Picture & Word" page from "Basic pages" section
10. Click the "Add Page" button
11. Verify that the "Picture & Word" page opened in the right pane
12. Click on the "Word" area within the "Picture & Word" page
13. Press and hold the "a" key on the keyboard
14. Verify that a purple custom box appears at the bottom of the screen
15. Verify that the custom box displays multiple diacritic variations of the letter "a," each associated with a key
16. Press a key corresponding to one of the diacritic variations
17. Verify that the selected diacritic character is inserted into the text box
18. Release the "a" key on the keyboard
19. Press and hold the "d" key on the keyboard
20. Verify that a purple custom box appears at the bottom of the screen
21. Verify that the custom box displays multiple diacritic variations of the letter "d," each associated with a key
22. Click the particular diacritic using mouse
23. Verify that the selected diacritic character is inserted into the text box
24. Remove all the content from the text area
25. Type the sentence “Testing the Bloom application” in the word area
26. Verify that the mouse cursor is placed at the end of the entered sentence
27. Press and hold the "c" key on the keyboard
28. Verify that a purple custom box appears at the bottom of the screen
29. Verify that the custom box displays multiple diacritic variations of the letter "c" each associated with a key
30. Press a key corresponding to one of the diacritic variations
31. Verify that the selected diacritic character is inserted into the text box
32. Verify that the mouse cursor positioned immediately after the selected word
33. Click the mouse cursor at the beginning of the sentence
34. Verify that the mouse cursor is positioned at the beginning of the sentence
35. Press and hold the "e" key on the keyboard
36. Verify that a purple custom box appears at the bottom of the screen
37. Verify that the custom box displays multiple diacritic variations of the letter "e" each associated with a key
38. Press a key corresponding to one of the diacritic variations
39. Verify that the selected diacritic character is inserted into the text box
40. Verify that the mouse cursor positioned immediately after the selected word
41. Click the mouse cursor between two characters within the text
42. Verify that the mouse cursor is positioned between two characters within the text
43. Press and hold the "f" key on the keyboard
44. Verify that a purple custom box appears at the bottom of the screen
45. Verify that the custom box displays multiple diacritic variations of the letter "f" each associated with a key.
46. Press a key corresponding to one of the diacritic variations.
47. Verify that the selected diacritic character is inserted into the text box.
48. Verify that the mouse cursor is positioned immediately after the selected word.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete ‘The Moon and the Cap’ book.
2. Close Bloom application.
