---
id: 91
title: "Image Editing Buttons and Overlay tool"
description: "Test case for test interactions with Image Editing Buttons and Overlay tool, (BL-11662)"
issues:
  - [BL-11662](https://issues.bloomlibrary.org/issue/BL-11662)
created: 2024-10-01
last-modified: 2025-10-10
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Create a Shared Folder (in Documents) in User A’s computer system
2. Launch Bloom application
3. Click the Settings button.
4. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
5. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
6. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
7. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
8. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
9. Click the Restart button.
10. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click a Basic book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the book opens in the edit mode.
5. Click the Add page button.
6. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
7. Select ‘Just Picture’' template under Basic Pages.
8. Click the Add page button.
9. Verify the page is added in the edit mode.
10. Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.
11. Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.
12. Enter 'Car' in the Search box.
13. Press the Enter key.
14. Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.
15. Click any of the Car images.
16. Click the OK button.
17. Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.
18. Hover over the image. (ie., the background image)
19. Verify the Image Editing Buttons (eg., Change Image, Copyright) shows.
20. Click the Hamburger button.
21. Verify the TBT menu opens.
22. Click More..option under TBT menu
23. Verify More..menu opens.
24. Select 'Overlay Tool' checkbox.
25. Verify Overlay Tool menu opens.
26. Hover over the image.
27. Verify the Image Editing Buttons (eg., Change Image, Copyright) shows.
28. Drag Speech bubble on the Picture page.
29. Verify the Speech bubble appears on the Picture page.
30. Click the close button of the Overlay menu.
31. Verify the Overlay menu closes.
32. Hover over the image.
33. Verify the Image Editing Buttons (eg., Change Image, Copyright) Hides.
34. Click the Hamburger button.
35. Verify the Overlay Tool menu opens.
36. Hover over the image.
37. Verify the Image Editing Buttons (eg., Change Image, Copyright) Hides.
38. Click the close button of the Overlay menu.
39. Verify the Overlay menu closes.
40. Click on the Image.
41. Verify the Image Editing Buttons (eg., Change Image, Copyright) Shows.
42. Click the Hamburger button.
43. Verify the Overlay Tool menu opens.
44. Click on the Image.
45. Verify the Image Editing Buttons (eg., Change Image, Copyright) Shows.
46. Click the close button of the Overlay menu.
47. Verify the Overlay menu closes.
48. Click on the Speech bubble.
49. Verify the Image Editing Buttons (eg., Change Image, Copyright) Hides.
50. Click the Hamburger button.
51. Verify the Overlay Tool menu opens.
52. Click on the Speech bubble.
53. Verify the Image Editing Buttons (eg., Change Image, Copyright) Hides.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription code.
2. Delete the Basic book.
3. Close Bloom application.
