---
id: 92
title: "Hint Bubbles in a Template Starter"
description: "Test case for Hint Bubbles in a Template Starter"
issues: []
created: 2024-10-01
last-modified: 2025-09-02
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

Launch Bloom application
1. Click the Settings button.
2. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
3. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
4. Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens.
5. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
6. Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.
7. Click the Restart button.
8. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

1. Click the Collections tab.
2. Verify the ‘Template Starter’ template is available under ‘Specialized Templates’ heading.
3. Click the 'Template Starter' template
4. Click the "Make a Book using this source" button in the right side pane
5. Verify that the tab redirected to "Edit" tab
6. Click the "Add Page" button located at the bottom of the left pane
7. Verify that the "Add Page..." dialog opens
8. Select the ‘Picture & Word’ page from the "Basic Pages" section
9. Click on the "Add Page" button
10. Verify that the "Picture & Word" page opens
11. Click on the "Picture & Word" caption box displayed above the "Picture & Word" page
12. Edit the caption in the Caption box to "My Page"
13. Toggle on the ‘Change Layout’ button above the ‘Picture & Word’ page
14. Verify that the "Text Box" is displayed below the picture on the page
15. Click the gearbox icon in the "Text Box"
16. Verify that the "Text Box Properties" dialog opens
17. Verify that the "Hint Bubbles" tab appeared on the dialog
18. Click on the "Hint Bubbles" tab
19. Type the text ‘This is a test page’ on the text box
20. Click outside of the "Text Box Properties" dialog
21. Verify that the "Text Box Properties" dialog closes
22. Toggle off the "Change Layout" button appeared right above the "Picture & Word" page
23. Verify that the hint bubble "This is a test page" is displayed on the screen

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription Code.
2. Delete the Template Starter book.
3. Close Bloom application.
