---
id: 95
title: "Creating Team Collections"
description: "Test case for creating Team Collections"
issues: []
created: 2024-10-01
last-modified: 2025-10-28
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Launch Bloom application.

**Action Steps**

1. Double click on the Bloom icon from the desktop.
2. Verify that the Bloom window opens on the desktop.
3. Click the Get Help button.
4. Verify the Popup menu opens.
5. Click the 'Registration' option.
6. Verify 'Register BloomBetaInternal' dialog appears.
7. Enter 'Shawn' as the First name.
8. Enter 'Tester' as the Last name.
9. Enter 'Shawn@eth.net' as the Email Address.
10. Enter 'ECGroup' as the Organisation.
11. Enter 'Testing' in the 'Other Information' box.
12. Click the 'Register' button.
13. Verify the bloom gets restarted.
14. Click the 'Registration' option.
15. Verify all the registered information is stored in the Registration box.
16. Click the Book from Collections tab
17. Verify the Book appears in the Edit mode.
18. Click the Settings dialog box.
19. Verify the Settings dialog box opens.
20. Click the Advanced Program Settings tab and select () Team Collection.
21. Click the Restart button.
22. Verify the Bloom gets restarted.
23. Click the Settings button.
24. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
25. Click the Team Collection tab.
26. Verify the Team Collection menu opens.
27. Click the 'Create a Team Collection' button.
28. Verify Create a Team Collection dialog opens.
29. Enable all the three checkboxes under 'Please read and check each of the these items:"
30. Click the 'Create & Restart' button.
31. Verify the Team collections button available in the Standard toolbar.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete Team collection Book.
2. Close Bloom application.
