---
id: 96
title: "Team members joining Team Collections"
description: "Test case for other team members joining Team Collections"
issues: []
created: 2024-10-01
last-modified: 2025-08-08
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Create a Shared Folder in User A’s computer system (Needs Network Admin's approval).
2. Launch Bloom application.
3. Click the Settings button.
4. Verify Settings dialog opens.
5. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
6. Verify there is an empty text box appearing in the Subscription Code.
7. Click the Team Collection tab.
8. Verify 'This feature requires a Bloom subscription tier of ..' with Bloom Subscription Settings button.
9. Click the 'Bloom Subscription Settings' button.
10. Verify ‘Bloom Subscription’ tab opens.
11. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
12. Verify the Restart button appears.
13. Click the Restart button.
14. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

**User A**

1. Click the Basic Book.
2. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
3. Click  MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
4. Verify the Book opens in the Edit view.
5. Click the Front Cover page thumbnail.
6. Enter 'Team Collection Book'
7. Click the Add Page button.
8. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
9. Click the Basic Text & Picture template under the Basic Pages heading.
10. Click the Add Page button.
11. Verify the Basic Text & Picture page is added.
12. Click the Collections tab.
13. Click the Get Help option from the Bloom window.
14. Verify the Help menu opens.
15. Click the Registration option.
16. Verify the Registration dialog opens.
17. Enter a valid name (eg., shawn) in the First Name box.
18. Enter a valid name in the Surnam (eg., jack) text box.
19. Enter a valid email id (eg., shawn@eth.net) in the Email Address text box.
20. Enter a valid name (eg., XXXXX) in the Organization text box.
21. Enter a valid reason (eg., Testing)  in 'How are you using..' text box.
22. Verify the Register button gets enabled.
23. Click the Register button.
24. Verify the Register dialog closes.
25. Click the Settings button.
26. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
27. Click the Team Collection tab.
28. Verify CREATE A TEAM COLLECTION button appears.
29. Click the CREATE A TEAM COLLECTION button.
30. Verify 'Create a Team Collection' dialog opens.
31. Verify the Dropbox folder path appears under LAN or Dropbox Folder heading. (eg., C:\Users\UserName\Dropbox)
32. Click the CHOOSE FOLDER button.
33. Verify 'Select or create the folder where this collection will be shared' dialog box appears.
34. Click the Documents folder from the left pane.
35. Verify the Documents folder opens on the right pane.
36. Click 'Shared Folder'.
37. Click the 'Select Folder' button.
38. Verify the Path is changed under LAN or Dropbox Folder heading. (eg., C:\Users\UserName\Documents\SharedFolder)
39. Click all the three checkboxes under 'Please read and check each of these items:' heading.
40. Verify CREATE & RESTART button is enabled.
41. Click the CREATE & RESTART button.
42. Verify the Bloom application gets restarted.
43. The Verify 'Team Collection' icon appears in the Bloom tool bar.
44. Verify there is no Avatar dot appearing on the book thumbnail.

**User B**

1. Press Windows Key + E.
2. Verify the File Explorer window opens.
3. Double Click on the Shared Folder from the Network location. (eg., \\UserName\SharedFolder\XXXXXXX - TC)
4. Verify XXXXXXX - TC folder appears.
5. Double click on XXXXXXX - TC folder.
6. Verify the XXXXXXX - TC folder opens.
7. Double click on 'Join this Team Collection' option.
8. Verify an empty  ‘Register’ dialog opens.
9. Enter a valid name (eg., shawn) in the First Name box.
10. Enter a valid name in the Surnam (eg., jack) text box.
11. Enter a valid email id (eg., shawn@eth.net) in the Email Address text box.
12. Enter a valid name (eg., XXXXX) in the Organization text box.
13. Enter a valid reason (eg., Testing)  in 'How are you using..' text box.
14. Verify the Register button gets enabled.
15. Click the Register button.
16. Verify the Register dialog closes.
17. Double click on 'Join this Team Collection' option. (again0
18. Verify Join button appears.
19. Click the Join button.
20. Verify the Syncing process..dialog appears on the screen.
21. Verify the Team collection book opens in the Bloom application.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription Code.
2. Delete the Share Folder.
3. Delete the TeamCollection book.
4. Close Bloom application.
