---
id: 97
title: "Creating and Joining (Team Collections)"
description: "Test case for Creating and Joining (Team Collections)"
issues: []
created: 2024-10-01
last-modified: 2025-09-04
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. User A & B, with a shared folder.
2. User B's Subscription code is set to "None".
3. Install Dropbox on both computers. (User A & User B)
4. Create a Shared Folder in User A’s computer system (Needs Network Admin's approval)

**Action Steps**

**User A**

1. Uninstall all versions of Bloom.
2. Clear out BloomXXX folder in C:\Users\USER\AppData\Local
3. Clear out C:\Users\USER\AppData\Local\SIL)
4. Install New version of Bloom.
5. Launch Bloom application.
6. Click the 'Other Collection' button.
7. Verify 'Open/Create Collections' dialog opens.
8. Click the 'Create New Collection' button.
9. Verify 'Create New Bloom Collection'  dialog opens.
10. Enter a valid language name (eg., 'English') in the Search box.
11. Verify the 'English’ language bar appears.
12. Click the 'English' language bar.
13. Click the Next button.
14. Verify Font and Script view appears.
15. Click the Next button.
16. Verify Give Language Location view appears.
17. Click the Next button.
18. Verify a valid collection book name (eg., English Books') appears as Collection Name.
19. Click the Next button.
20. Verify 'Ready to create New collection' pane appears.
21. Click the Finish button.
22. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
23. Verify a new collection (eg.,'English Books') appears on the Collections view.
24. Click the Get Help(?) option which appears from the top right corner of the Bloom application.
25. Verify the Help menu opens.
26. Click the Registration option.
27. Verify ‘Register’ dialog opens.
28. Enter a valid name (eg., shawn) in the First Name box.
29. Enter a valid name in the Surnam (eg., jack) text box.
30. Enter a valid email id (eg., shawn@eth.net) in the Email Address text box.
31. Enter a valid name (eg., XXXXX) in the Organization text box.
32. Enter “Testing” in 'How are you using..' text box.
33. Verify the Register button gets enabled.
34. Click the Register button.
35. Verify the Register dialog closes.
36. Click the Settings button.
37. Verify Settings dialog opens.
38. Verify the Team Collections tab should not appear.
39. Click the Advanced Program Settings tab.
40. Verify Team Collections label appears with the empty checkbox.
41. Select the Team Collection Checkbox.
42. Verify the OK button changes to Restart.
43. Click the Restart button.
44. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
45. Click the Settings button.
46. Verify Team Collections tab shows.
47. Click on the Team Collections tab.
48. Verify 'This feature requires a Bloom subscription tier of ..' with Bloom Subscription Settings button.
49. Click the 'Bloom Subscription Settings' button.
50. Verify the ‘Bloom Subscription’ tab opens.
51. Enter 'Adele-Community-Project-LC-006203-3545' in the Subscription code.
52. Verify the Restart button appears.
53. Click the Restart button.
54. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
55. Click the Settings button.
56. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
57. Click the Team Collection tab.
58. Verify ‘CREAT A TEAM COLLECTION’ option appears in the Team Collection tab.
59. Verify ‘HOW TO JOIN AN EXISTING TEAM COLLECTION’ option appears in the Team Collection tab.
60. Click the 'Bloom Subscription ‘ tab.
61. Verify the ‘Bloom Subscription’ tab opens.
62. Delete the Subscription code.
63. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
64. Verify the Restart button appears.
65. Click the Restart button.
66. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
67. Click the Settings button.
68. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
69. Click the Team Collection tab.
70. Verify the Team Collection menu is available.
71. Click the 'Bloom Subscription Settings' button.
72. Verify the ‘Bloom Subscription’ tab opens.
73. Delete the Subscription code.
74. Click the Restart button.
75. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
76. Click the Settings button.
77. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
78. Click the Team Collection tab.
79. Verify Team Collection tab says Bloom Subscription required.
80. Click the 'Bloom Subscription Settings' button.
81. Verify the ‘Bloom Subscription’ tab opens.
82. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
83. Verify the Restart button appears.
84. Click the Restart button.
85. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
86. Click the Settings button.
87. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
88. Click the Team Collection tab.
89. Verify the Team Collection menu is available.
90. Click the hyperlink 'here'.
91. Verify it opens the corresponding page. (eg., https://docs.bloomlibrary.org/team-collections-intro/)
92. Click the Close button.
93. Verify the Help page closes.
94. Click the OK button.
95. Click the Bloom application icon from the desktop.
96. Verify the Bloom application appears.
97. Verify the Team Collection tab already opens.
98. Click on 'experimental@bloomlibrary.org' hyperlink.
99. Verify it opens the mail application. (i.e., Outlook express)
100. Click the Close button (Outlook express).
101. Click the OK button.
102. Verify the Settings dialog closes.
103. Click the Close button of the Bloom application.
104. Verify the Bloom application closes.
105. Download RISE (July2019).BloomPack from the given link (https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/18eik85gFlBUdQ2Ml_FFkCa67h79hWhco)
106. Verify the RISE.BloomPack is downloaded.
107. Copy the RISE.BloomPack file.
108. Open Bloom folder. (from Documents>Bloom)
109. Double click on the newly created Book Collection. (eg.,'English Books')
110. Verify the newly created Book collection folder opens.
111. Paste the RISE.BloomPack file.
112. Double click on RISE.BloomPack file.
113. Verify 'Bloom Pack Installation' dialog opens.
114. Click the OK button.
115. Verify Bloom application opens.
116. Click any book (eg., (1-2) Lost Forever) under SBC E1&E2 English book RISE 1.1 (July 2019) heading which appears at the lower left pane.
117. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button is available on the right pane.
118. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
119. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
120. Click the Collections tab.
121. Verify the book (LOST FOREVER)  appears under Book Collection.(eg.,'English Books')
122. Click any book (eg., (1-3) Little CaterPillar) under SBC E1&E2 English book RISE 1.1 (July 2019) heading which appears at the lower left pane.
123. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button is available on the right pane.
124. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
125. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
126. Click the Collections tab.
127. Verify the book appears under Book Collection.
128. Click any book (eg., (1-4) The Wind and the Sun) under SBC E1&E2 English book RISE 1.1 (July 2019) heading which appears at the lower left pane.
129. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button is available on the right pane.
130. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
131. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
132. Click the Collections tab.
133. Verify the book appears under Book Collection.
134. Click any book (eg., (1-5) Who sank the Boat?) under SBC E1&E2 English book RISE 1.1 (July 2019) heading which appears at the lower left pane.
135. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button is available on the right pane.
136. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
137. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
138. Click the Collections tab.
139. Verify the book appears under Book Collection.
140. Click any book (eg., (1-7) The Wood Carver) under SBC E1&E2 English book RISE 1.1 (July 2019) heading which appears at the lower left pane.
141. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button is available on the right pane.
142. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
143. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
144. Click the Collections tab.
145. Verify the book appears under Book Collection.
146. Click any book (eg., (2-3) Who will Help Me?) under SBC E1&E2 English book RISE 1.1 (July 2019) heading which appears at the lower left pane.
147. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button is available on the right pane.
148. Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
149. Verify the book opens in the edit view.
150. Click the Collections tab.
151. Verify the book appears under Book Collection.
152. Click the Settings button.
153. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
154. Click the Team Collection tab.
155. Click the CREATE A TEAM COLLECTION button.
156. Verify 'Create a Team Collection' dialog opens.
157. Verify the dropbox folder is detected.
158. Click the CHOOSE FOLDER button.
159. Verify 'Select or create the folder where this collection will be shared' dialog opens.
160. Click the Documents option from the left pane.
161. Double click on 'Shared Folder'.
162. Click the Select Folder button.
163. Verify the Path set to the desired location. (eg., C:\Users\UserName\Documents\SharedFolder
164. Select all the three checkboxes under “Please read and check each of these items:”
165. Verify the CREATE & RESTART button is enabled.
166. Click CREATE&RESTART button.
167. Verify Setting up Team Collection dialog shows the books being added one by one.
168. Verify Bloom gets restarted.
169. Verify Bloom restarts automatically and briefly shows a "Syncing Team Collections" notice.
170. Verify Team Collection icon shows in Bloom's toolbar.
171. Verify all books are 'checked in' meaning :none have an avatar dot on its thumbnail.
172. Click any book (eg., (2-3) Who will Help Me?) from the book collection.
173. Verify 'This book is available for editing' message appears in the status under the book preview.
174. Verify all books show "available for editing" as their status under the book preview.
175. Click the Settings button.
176. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
177. Click the Team Collection tab.
178. Verify USER-A's email shows under Administrators Emails.
179. Click on LAN storage location.
180. Verify the File Explorer opens to the correct location.
181. Close the  File Explorer.
182. Click the Team Collection tab.
183. Click on LAN storage location.
184. Verify the File Explorer opens to the correct location.
185. Double click on the Book Collection Folder. (eg., C:\Users\UserName\Documents\SharedFolder)
186. Verify 2 folders (Books and Other) appear.
187. Verify Join this Team Collection.JoinBloomTC file appears.
188. Double click on the Books folder.
189. Verify the contents of the Books folder has the same titles listed in the local folder for your collection.
190. Click the Close button.
191. Verify the File Explorer window closes.
192. Click the Advanced Settings tab from the Settings dialog.
193. Verify the Team Collections checkbox is greyed out.

**User B**

1. Launch Bloom application.
2. Press Ctrl+E to open File Explorer.
3. Open the Shared Folder.
4. Verify the Team Book Collection book folder appears.
5. Double click on the Team Book Collection book folder.
6. Verify 'Join this Team Collection.JoinBloomTC' file appears.
7. Double click on the 'Join this Team Collection.JoinBloomTC' file.
8. Verify a message says "Please close Bloom before joining a Team Collection"
9. Click on the Close button.
10. Close the Bloom application.
11. Press Ctrl+E to open File Explorer.
12. Open the Shared Folder.
13. Verify the Team Book Collection book folder appears.
14. Double click on the Team Book Collection book folder.
15. Verify 'Join this Team Collection.JoinBloomTC' file appears.
16. Double click on the 'Join this Team Collection.JoinBloomTC' file.
17. Verify 'Register BloomXXX' dialog appears.
18. Click the "I'm stuck"...link.
19. Verify the dialogue closes with no further action.
20. Double click on the 'Join this Team Collection.JoinBloomTC' file.
21. Verify 'Register BloomXversion”' dialog appears.
22. Enter a valid name (eg., shawn) in the First Name box.
23. Enter a valid name in the Surname (eg., jack) text box.
24. Enter a valid email id (eg., shawn@eth.net) in the Email Address text box.
25. Enter a valid name (eg., XXXXX) in the Organization text box.
26. Enter a valid reason (eg., Testing)  in 'How are you using..' text box.
27. Verify the Register button gets enabled.
28. Click the Register button.
29. Verify the Register dialog closes.
30. Verify Join TC dialog appears.
31. Click the JOIN button.
32. Verify "Syncing TC" dialog shows Bloom fetching the TC books.
33. Verify all books were imported.
34. Verify none have avatar dots.
35. Verify the Team Collection icon appears in the toolbar.
36. Click any of the books under Team Book collection.
37. Verify the 'Edit this Book' is greyed out.
38. Click on Bloom Settings.
39. Verify a warning message 'You must be an administrator..' appear in the dialog.
40. Click the Close button.
41. Verify the dialog closes.

**User A**

1. Click the Settings button.
2. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
3. Click the Team Collection tab.
4. Enter USER B's email in the Administrator Emails text box. (userb@xxx.net)
5. Click the Restart button.
6. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**User B**

1. Verify the TC badge should display "Updates Available".
2. Click on the "Updates Available" button.
3. Verify Team Collection (experimental) dialog opens.
4. Verify the final entry should be "one of your teammates has made changes to the collection settings" in the dialog.
5. Click the RELOAD COLLECTION button.
6. Click on Bloom Settings.
7. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
8. Click the OK button.
9. Verify the Settings dialog closes.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete Team Collection Book.
2. Delete the Dropbox folder.
3. Delete the Shared Folder.
4. Delete the Subscription code.
5. Close the Bloom application.
