---
id: 98
title: "Joining and Merging (Team Collections)"
description: "Test case for Joining and Merging (Team Collections)"
issues: []
created: 2024-10-01
last-modified: 2025-08-08
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Create a Shared Folder in User A’s computer system (Needs Network Admin's approval).
2. Launch Bloom application.
3. Click the Get Help option from the Bloom application.
4. Verify the Help menu opens.
5. Click the Registration option.
6. Verify ‘Register’ dialog opens.
7. Enter a valid name (eg., shawn) in the First Name box.
8. Enter a valid name in the Surnam (eg., jack) text box.
9. Enter a valid email id (eg., shawn@eth.net) in the Email Address text box.
10. Enter a valid name (eg., XXXXX) in the Organization text box.
11. Enter a valid reason (eg., Testing)  in 'How are you using..' text box.
12. Verify the Register button gets enabled.
13. Click the Register button.
14. Verify the Register dialog closes.
15. Click the Settings button.
16. Verify Settings dialog opens.
17. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
18. Verify there is an empty text box appearing in the Subscription Code.
19. Click the Team Collection tab.
20. Verify 'This feature requires a Bloom subscription tier of ..' with Bloom Subscription Settings button.
21. Click the 'Bloom Subscription Settings' button.
22. Verify ‘Bloom Subscription’ tab opens.
23. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
24. Verify the Restart button appears.
25. Click the Restart button.
26. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

**User A**

1. Click the 'Other Collection' button from the Bloom toolbar.
2. Verify the 'Open/Create Collections' dialog opens.
3. Click the 'Create a New Collection' button.
4. Verify 'Create New Bloom Collection' dialog opens.
5. Type "tamil" in the search box.
6. Verify Tamil language bar appears under the search box.
7. Click the Tamil language bar.
8. Verify Tamil script box appears under Tamil language bar.
9. Click the Next button.
10. Verify the 'Font and Script' dialog opens.
11. Click the Next button.
12. Verify the 'Given Language Location' dialog opens.
13. Click the Next button.
14. Enter "Tamil Books Collection"  in the 'Collection Name' dialog box.
15. Click the Next button.
16. Verify 'Ready to Create New Collection' dialog opens.
17. Click the Finish button.
18. Verify the 'Tamil Books Collection' is created in the Bloom Editor.
19. Click the Settings button.
20. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
21. Click the Team Collection tab.
22. Verify CREATE A TEAM COLLECTION button appears.
23. Click the CREATE A TEAM COLLECTION button.
24. Verify 'Create a Team Collection' dialog opens.
25. Verify the Dropbox folder path appears under LAN or Dropbox Folder heading. (eg., C:\Users\UserName\Dropbox)
26. Click the CHOOSE FOLDER button.
27. Verify 'Select or create the folder where this collection will be shared' dialog box appears.
28. Click the Documents folder from the left pane.
29. Verify the Documents folder opens on the right pane.
30. Click 'Shared Folder'.
31. Click the 'Select Folder' button.
32. Verify the Path is changed under LAN or Dropbox Folder heading. (eg., C:\Users\UserName\Documents\SharedFolder)
33. Click all the three checkboxes under 'Please read and check each of these items:' heading.
34. Verify CREATE & RESTART button is enabled.
35. Click the CREATE & RESTART button.
36. Verify the Bloom application gets restarted.
37. The Verify 'Team Collection' icon appears in the Bloom tool bar.
38. Click the Basic Book.
39. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
40. Click  MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
41. Verify the Book opens in the Edit view.
42. Click the Front Cover page thumbnail.
43. Enter 'TestBook1'
44. Click the Add Page button.
45. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
46. Click the Basic Text & Picture template under Basic Pages heading.
47. Click the Add Page button.
48. Verify the Basic Text & Picture page is added.
49. Click the Collections tab.
50. Verify the TestBook1 book thumbnail appears.
51. Verify there is no Avatar dot appearing on the book thumbnail.
52. Click the Basic Book.
53. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
54. Click  MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
55. Verify the Book opens in the Edit view.
56. Click the Front Cover page thumbnail.
57. Enter 'TestBook2'
58. Click the Add Page button.
59. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
60. Click the Basic Text & Picture template under Basic Pages heading.
61. Click the Add Page button.
62. Verify the Basic Text & Picture page is added.
63. Click the Collections tab.
64. Verify the TestBook2 book thumbnail appears.
65. Verify there is no Avatar dot appearing on the book thumbnail.
66. Click the Basic Book.
67. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
68. Click  MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
69. Verify the Book opens in the Edit view.
70. Click the Front Cover page thumbnail.
71. Enter 'TestBook3'
72. Click the Add Page button.
73. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
74. Click the Basic Text & Picture template under Basic Pages heading.
75. Click the Add Page button.
76. Verify the Basic Text & Picture page is added.
77. Click the Collections tab.
78. Verify the TestBook3 book thumbnail appears.
79. Verify there is no Avatar dot appearing on the book thumbnail.
80. Click the Basic Book.
81. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
82. Click  MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
83. Verify the Book opens in the Edit view.
84. Click the Front Cover page thumbnail.
85. Enter 'TestBook4'
86. Click the Add Page button.
87. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
88. Click the Basic Text & Picture template under Basic Pages heading.
89. Click the Add Page button.
90. Verify the Basic Text & Picture page is added.
91. Click the Collections tab.
92. Verify the TestBook4 book thumbnail appears.
93. Verify there is no Avatar dot appearing on the book thumbnail.
94. Click the Basic Book.
95. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
96. Click  MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
97. Verify the Book opens in the Edit view.
98. Click the Front Cover page thumbnail.
99. Enter 'TestBook5'
100. Click the Add Page button.
101. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
102. Click the Basic Text & Picture template under the Basic Pages heading.
103. Click the Add Page button.
104. Verify the Basic Text & Picture page is added.
105. Click the Collections tab.
106. Verify the TestBook5 book thumbnail appears.
107. Verify there is no Avatar dot appearing on the book thumbnail.
108. Click TestBook4 book thumbnail.
109. Click the CHECK OUT BOOK button.
110. Verify an Avatar appears on the TestBook4 thumbnail.
111. Click TestBook5 book thumbnail.
112. Click the CHECK OUT BOOK button.
113. Verify an Avatar appears on the TestBook5 thumbnail.

**User B**

1. Click the 'Other Collection' button from the Bloom toolbar.
2. Verify the 'Open/Create Collections' dialog opens.
3. Click the 'Create a New Collection' button.
4. Verify 'Create New Bloom Collection' dialog opens.
5. Type "tamil" in the search box.
6. Verify Tamil language bar appears under the search box.
7. Click the Tamil language bar.
8. Verify Tamil script box appears under Tamil language bar.
9. Click the Next button.
10. Verify the 'Font and Script' dialog opens.
11. Click the Next button.
12. Verify the 'Given Language Location' dialog opens.
13. Click the Next button.
14. Enter "Tamil Books Collection"  in the 'Collection Name' dialog box.
15. Click the Next button.
16. Verify 'Ready to Create New Collection' dialog opens.
17. Click the Finish button.
18. Verify the 'Tamil Books Collection' is created in the Bloom Editor.
19. Click the Basic Book.
20. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
21. Click  MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
22. Verify the Book opens in the Edit view.
23. Click the Front Cover page thumbnail.
24. Enter 'TestBook1'
25. Click the Add Page button.
26. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
27. Click the Basic Text & Picture template under Basic Pages heading.
28. Click the Add Page button.
29. Verify the Basic Text & Picture page is added.
30. Click the Collections tab.
31. Verify the TestBook1 book thumbnail appears.
32. Verify there is no Avatar dot appearing on the book thumbnail.
33. Click the Basic Book.
34. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
35. Click  MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
36. Verify the Book opens in the Edit view.
37. Click the Front Cover page thumbnail.
38. Enter 'ModelBook1'
39. Click the Add Page button.
40. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
41. Click the Basic Text & Picture template under Basic Pages heading.
42. Click the Add Page button.
43. Verify the Basic Text & Picture page is added.
44. Click the Collections tab.
45. Verify the ModelBook1 book thumbnail appears.
46. Verify there is no Avatar dot appearing on the book thumbnail.
47. Click the Basic Book.
48. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
49. Click  MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
50. Verify the Book opens in the Edit view.
51. Click the Front Cover page thumbnail.
52. Enter 'ModelBook2'
53. Click the Add Page button.
54. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
55. Click the Basic Text & Picture template under Basic Pages heading.
56. Click the Add Page button.
57. Verify the Basic Text & Picture page is added.
58. Click the Collections tab.
59. Verify the ModelBook2 book thumbnail appears.
60. Verify there is no Avatar dot appearing on the book thumbnail.
61. Click the Basic Book.
62. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
63. Click  MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
64. Verify the Book opens in the Edit view.
65. Click the Front Cover page thumbnail.
66. Enter 'ModelBook3'
67. Click the Add Page button.
68. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
69. Click the Basic Text & Picture template under Basic Pages heading.
70. Click the Add Page button.
71. Verify the Basic Text & Picture page is added.
72. Click the Collections tab.
73. Verify the ModelBook3 book thumbnail appears.
74. Verify there is no Avatar dot appearing on the book thumbnail.
75. Click the Close button.
76. Verify the Bloom application closes.
77. Press Windows Key + E.
78. Verify the  File Explorer dialog opens.
79. Double Click on the Shared Folder from the Network location. (eg., \\UserName\SharedFolder\Tamil Books Collection - TC)
80. Verify Tamil Books Collection - TC folder appears.
81. Double click on Tamil Books Collection - TC folder.
82. Verify theTamil Books Collection - TC folder opens.
83. Double click on 'Join this Team Collection' option.
84. Verify 'Join the Bloom Team Collection..' dialog appears with JOIN AND MERGE button.
85. Click the JOIN AND MERGE button.
86. Verify the collection is merged with the User A's book collection.
87. Verify the merged book collection opens in the Bloom application.
88. Verify the Team Collection icon appears on the Bloom toolbar.
89. Verify 'Syncing Team Collection' dialog box appears in red color.
90. Verify 'Found different versions of 'XXXXXX' in the local and team collection..' Lost and Found message appears in the dialog.
91. Click the Close button.
92. Verify the Syncing..dialog closes.
93. Verify User A's checked-in books appear in the collection along with User B's collection.
94. Verify A's non-checked-in books do not appear.
95. Verify none of the books in the Collections are checked out and all are available for editing.

**User A**

1. Verify 'Updates Available' button appears.
2. Click on 'Updates Available' button.
3. Verify User B's books appear in the Update (Team Collection) dialog listing.
4. Click the RELOAD COLLECTION button.
5. Verify User B's books appear in the Collections pane.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete the Subscription Code.
2. Delete the Share Folder.
3. Delete Tamil Book Collections.
4. Close Bloom application.
