---
id: 99
title: "Checking In and Checking Out (Team Collections)"
description: "Test case for Basic Checking In and Checking Out (Team Collections)"
issues: []
created: 2024-10-01
last-modified: 2025-08-11
---

# Steps

**Setup Steps**

1. Create a Shared Folder in User A’s computer system (Needs Network Admin's approval).
2. Launch Bloom application.
3. Click the Get Help option from the Bloom application.
4. Verify the Help menu opens.
5. Click the Registration option.
6. Verify ‘Register’ dialog opens.
7. Enter a valid name (eg., shawn) in the First Name box.
8. Enter a valid name in the Surnam (eg., jack) text box.
9. Enter a valid email id (eg., shawn@eth.net) in the Email Address text box.
10. Enter a valid name (eg., XXXXX) in the Organization text box.
11. Enter a valid reason (eg., Testing)  in 'How are you using..' text box.
12. Verify the Register button gets enabled.
13. Click the Register button.
14. Verify the Register dialog closes.
15. Click the Settings button.
16. Verify Settings dialog opens.
17. Click the Bloom Subscription tab.
18. Verify there is an empty text box appearing in the Subscription Code.
19. Click the Team Collection tab.
20. Verify 'This feature requires a Bloom subscription tier of ..' with Bloom Subscription Settings button.
21. Click the 'Bloom Subscription Settings' button.
22. Verify the ‘Bloom Subscription’ tab opens.
23. Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.
24. Verify the Restart button appears.
25. Click the Restart button.
26. Verify Bloom gets restarted.

**Action Steps**

**User A**

1. Click the 'Other Collection' button from the Bloom toolbar.
2. Verify the 'Open/Create Collections' dialog opens.
3. Click the 'Create a New Collection' button.
4. Verify 'Create New Bloom Collection' dialog opens.
5. Type "tamil" in the search box.
6. Verify Tamil language bar appears under the search box.
7. Click the Tamil language bar.
8. Verify Tamil script box appears under Tamil language bar.
9. Click the Next button.
10. Verify the 'Font and Script' dialog opens.
11. Click the Next button.
12. Verify the 'Given Language Location' dialog opens.
13. Click the Next button.
14. Enter "Tamil share books"  in the 'Collection Name' dialog box.
15. Click the Next button.
16. Verify 'Ready to Create New Collection' dialog opens.
17. Click the Finish button.
18. Verify the 'Tamil share books' is created in the Bloom Editor.
19. Click the Collections button.
20. Click the Basic Book.
21. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
22. Click  MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
23. Verify the Book opens in the Edit view.
24. Click the Front Cover page thumbnail.
25. Enter 'Test Book  1'
26. Click the Add Page button.
27. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
28. Click the Basic Text & Picture template under Basic Pages heading.
29. Click the Add Page button.
30. Verify the Basic Text & Picture page is added.
31. Click the Collections button.
32. Click the Basic Book.
33. Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
34. Click  MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.
35. Verify the Book opens in the Edit view.
36. Click the Front Cover page thumbnail.
37. Enter 'Test Book  2'
38. Click the Add Page button.
39. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
40. Click the Basic Text & Picture template under Basic Pages heading.
41. Click the Add Page button.
42. Verify the Basic Text & Picture page is added.
43. Click the Collections tab.
44. Click ‘Test Book 1’ book thumbnail.
45. Click the ‘CHECK OUT BOOK’ button.
46. Verify 'Test Book 1' thumbnails show User A's avatar dot.
47. Verify book status bar says "This book is checked out to you"
48. Verify a yellow 'CHECK IN BOOK' button appears.
49. Click the Settings button.
50. Verify the Settings dialog opens.
51. Click the Team Collection tab.
52. Verify CREATE A TEAM COLLECTION button appears.
53. Click the CREATE A TEAM COLLECTION button.
54. Verify 'Create a Team Collection' dialog opens.
55. Verify the Dropbox folder path appears under LAN or Dropbox Folder heading. (eg., C:\Users\UserName\Dropbox)
56. Click the CHOOSE FOLDER button.
57. Verify 'Select or create the folder where this collection will be shared' dialog box appears.
58. Click the Documents folder from the left pane.
59. Verify the Documents folder opens on the right pane.
60. Click 'Shared Folder'.
61. Click the 'Select Folder' button.
62. Verify the Path is changed under LAN or Dropbox Folder heading. (eg., C:\Users\UserName\Documents\SharedFolder)
63. Click all the three checkboxes under 'Please read and check each of these items:' heading.
64. Verify CREATE & RESTART button is enabled.
65. Click the CREATE & RESTART button.
66. Verify the Bloom application gets restarted.
67. The Verify 'Team Collection' icon appears in the Bloom tool bar.

**User B**

1. Press Windows key + E.
2. Verify  File Explorer window opens..
3. Double Click on the Shared Folder from the Network location. (eg., C:\Users\UserName\Documents\SharedFolder)
4. Verify XXXXXXX - TC folder (eg., Tamil share book) appears.
5. Double click on XXXXXXX - TC (eg., Tamil share book) folder.
6. Verify the XXXXXXX - TC folder (eg., Tamil share book) opens.
7. Double click on 'Join this Team Collection' option.
8. Verify 'Join the Bloom Team Collection "XXXXXXX Books" dialog (eg., Tamil share book) appears.
9. Click the JOIN button.
10. Verify the “XXXXXX  Books” (eg., Tamil share book) opens in the Bloom application.
11. Verify ‘Test Book 1’ book thumbnail shows User A’s avatar dot.
12. Verify book status bar says "This book is checked out to User A"
13. Verify it displays the correct date for check out.
14. Verify no CHECK OUT button appears.
15. Click Test Book 2 thumbnail.
16. The Verify CHECK OUT BOOK button appears in the right pane.
17. Click the CHECK OUT BOOK button.
18. Verify Test Book 2's thumbnail shows User B's avatar dot.
19. Verify the status bar says "this book is checked out to you"
20. Verify a yellow 'CHECK IN BOOK' box appears on the page.

**User A**

1. Verify Test Book 2 thumbnail shows User B's avatar.
2. Double click on Test Book 2's thumbnail.
3. Verify nothing happens after double clicking on the book thumbnail.
4. Verify the status bar says "this book is checked out to User B"
5. Verify it displays the correct date for check out.
6. Verify no CHECK OUT button appears.
7. Click Test Book 1 book thumbnail.
8. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
9. Click the Add Page button.
10. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
11. Click Just a Picture template under Basic Pages heading.
12. Click the Add Page button.
13. Verify Just a Picture page is added.
14. Click the Change Image button.
15. Verify Image toolbox opens.
16. Type 'Car' in the Search bar.
17. Click the Search bar button.
18. Verify the Car images appear on the preview pane.
19. Click a Car (or any of the car images) from the image pane.
20. Click the OK button.
21. Verify the Car image added in the picture pane.
22. Click the Collections tab.
23. Enter 'Added a Picture page' under 'What changes did you make? text box.
24. Click the CHECK IN BOOK button.
25. Verify the Avatar dot removed from Test Book 1 thumbnail.

**User B**

1. The 'Verify 'Updates Available' button appears on the bloom toolbar.
2. Click on the 'Updates Available' button.
3. Verify Team Collection (experimental) dialog opens.
4. Verify the History shows 'Checked out' event for both books.
5. Click the 'RELOAD COLLECTION' button.
6. Verify Bloom restarts then synced status panel shows updated Test Book 1.
7. Click Test Book 1 book thumbnail.
8. Click the scroll bar button downwards to see all the changes in the Preview pane (ie., in the right pane)
9. Verify the added picture page made by User A should be displayed on the Preview pane.
10. Click the Team Collection icon from the bloom toolbar.
11. Verify there is a "Check In' event with a comment matching the comments previously entered.
12. Click the Close button.
13. Verify the Team Collection dialog closes.
14. Click Test Book 2 book thumbnail.
15. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
16. Click the Add Page button.
17. Verify the Add Page dialog opens.
18. Click Just a Picture template under Basic Pages heading.
19. Click the Add Page button.
20. Verify Just a Picture page is added.
21. Click the Change Image button.
22. Verify Image toolbox opens.
23. Type 'flower' in the Search bar.
24. Click the Search bar button.
25. Verify the flower images appear on the preview pane.
26. Click a flower (or any of the flower images) from the image pane.
27. Click the OK button.
28. Verify the Flower image added in the picture pane.
29. Click the Collections tab.
30. Enter 'Added a Flower page' under 'What changes did you make? text box.
31. Click the CHECK IN BOOK button.
32. Verify the Avatar dot removed from Test Book 2 thumbnail.

**User A**

1. The 'Verify 'Updates Available' button appears on the bloom toolbar.
2. Click on the 'Updates Available' button.
3. Verify Team Collection (experimental) dialog opens.
4. Click the 'RELOAD COLLECTION' button.
5. Verify the Avatar dot is removed from Test Book 2 thumbnail.
6. Click Test Book 2 book thumbnail.
7. Click the scroll bar button downwards to see all the changes in the Preview pane (ie., in the right pane)
8. Verify the added picture page made by User B should be displayed on the Preview pane.
9. Click the Team Collection icon from the bloom toolbar.
10. Verify there is a "Check In' event with a comment matching the comments previously entered.
11. Click the Close button.
12. Verify the Team Collection dialog closes.
13. Click the CHECK OUT BOOK button.
14. Verify that the box "What changes did you make?" is blank.
15. Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.
16. Click the Flower Picture page.
17. Click the Change Image button.
18. Verify Image toolbox opens.
19. Type 'Car' in the Search bar.
20. Click the Search bar button.
21. Verify the flower images appear on the preview pane.
22. Click a Car (or any of the car images) from the image pane.
23. Click the OK button.
24. Verify the Car image added in the picture pane.
25. Click the Collections tab.
26. Click the three dots button.
27. Verify 'Forget Changes..' option is available.
28. Click the 'Forget Changes..' option.
29. Verify 'Forget Changes & Check in Book' dialog opens with a warning message.
30. Click the 'Forget My Changes' button.
31. Verify the book reverts back to its original state.
32. Verify the 'CHECK OUT BOOK' button appears on the page.
33. Right-click on Test Book 2 thumbnail.
34. Verify an option menu opens.
35. Verify some of the options are grayed out. (eg., Rename Book, Delete Book)
36. Click the More options.
37. Verify some of the options are grayed out. (eg., Import Content from Spreadsheet, Update Thumbnail, Update Book)
38. Click on Test Book 1 thumbnail.
39. Click the 'CHECK OUT BOOK' button.
40. Verify Avatar show on the book thumbnail.
41. Right-click on Test Book 1 thumbnail.
42. Verify an option menu opens.
43. Verify all the options are enabled.
44. Click the More option.
45. Verify all the options are enabled.
46. Click on Test Book 1 thumbnail.
47. Right-click on Test Book 1 thumbnail.
48. Verify an option menu opens.
49. Click the 'Rename Book..' option.
50. Enter 'Tamil One' in the caption box.
51. Press the Enter key.
52. Click the CHECK IN BOOK button.
53. Verify the Avatar disappeared from the book Thumbnail.

User B
1. Verify the 'Updates Available' button appears on the bloom toolbar.
2. Click on the 'Updates Available' button.
3. Verify Team Collection (experimental) dialog opens.
4. Click the 'RELOAD COLLECTION' button.
5. Verify the Avatar dot is removed from Test Book 1 thumbnail.
6. Click the Team Collection icon.
7. Verify the History includes a Renamed event and a Check In event.
8. Click Test Book 1 thumbnail .
9. Click the HISTORY tab.
10. Verify it shows all the comments that are previously entered.
11. Click Test Book 2 thumbnail .
12. Click the HISTORY tab.
13. Verify it shows all the comments that are previously entered.

User A
1. Click the Team Collection icon.
2. Verify the History includes a Renamed event and a Check In event.
3. Click Test Book 1 thumbnail .
4. Click the HISTORY tab.
5. Verify it shows all the comments that are previously entered.
6. Click Test Book 2 thumbnail .
7. Click the HISTORY tab.
8. Verify it shows all the comments that are previously entered.

**Cleanup Steps**

1. Delete Tamil share book (Team Collection).
2. Delete the Subscription Code.
3. Close Bloom application.
