# ID 100

# Name Adding and Deleting Books (Team Collections)

# Description

```html
<p>Test case for Adding and Deleting Books (Team Collections)</p>
```

# Steps

## Step

### Action

```html
<p>Setup Steps:<br>
1. &nbsp; &nbsp;Users A &amp; B are having a Shared Folder on both computers.&nbsp;<br>
2. &nbsp; &nbsp;Download and Install Art of Reading from the given link : https://s3.amazonaws.com/bloomlibrary.org/ArtOfReading/ArtOfReading-Free-Setup3.3.exe on both the computers.&nbsp;<br>
3. &nbsp; &nbsp;Launch Bloom application.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Action Steps:<br>
User A:<br>
1. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Other Collection' button.<br>
2. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Open/Create Collections' dialog opens.&nbsp;<br>
3. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Create New Collection' button.<br>
4. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Create New Bloom Collection' &nbsp;dialog opens.&nbsp;<br>
5. &nbsp; &nbsp;Enter a valid language name (eg., 'English') in the Search box.<br>
6. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the 'English&rsquo; language bar appears.<br>
7. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'English' language bar.<br>
8. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Next button.<br>
9. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Font and Script view appears.<br>
10. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Next button.&nbsp;<br>
11. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Give Language Location view appears.&nbsp;<br>
12. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Next button.<br>
13. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify a valid collection book name (eg., English TC Book') appears as Collection Name.&nbsp;<br>
14. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Next button.<br>
15. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Ready to create New collection' pane appears.<br>
16. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Finish button.&nbsp;<br>
17. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Bloom gets restarted.<br>
18. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify a new collection (eg.,'English TC Books') appears on the Collections view.<br>
19. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Get Help(?) option which appears from the top right corner of the Bloom application.<br>
20. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Help menu opens.<br>
21. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Registration option.&nbsp;<br>
22. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify &lsquo;Register&rsquo; dialog opens.&nbsp;<br>
23. &nbsp; &nbsp;Enter a valid name (eg., shawn) in the First Name box.&nbsp;<br>
24. &nbsp; &nbsp;Enter a valid name in the Surname (eg., jack) text box.<br>
25. &nbsp; &nbsp;Enter a valid email id (eg., shawn@eth.net) in the Email Address text box.<br>
26. &nbsp; &nbsp;Enter a valid name (eg., XXXXX) in the Organization text box.<br>
27. &nbsp; &nbsp;Enter &ldquo;Testing&rdquo; in 'How are you using..' text box.&nbsp;<br>
28. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Register button gets enabled.<br>
29. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Register button.<br>
30. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Register dialog closes.<br>
31. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Settings button.<br>
32. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Settings dialog opens.&nbsp;<br>
33. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Team Collections tab should not appear.&nbsp;<br>
34. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Advanced Program Settings tab.<br>
35. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Team Collections label appears with the empty checkbox.<br>
36. &nbsp; &nbsp;Select the Team Collection Checkbox.<br>
37. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the OK button changes to Restart.<br>
38. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Restart button.<br>
39. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Bloom gets restarted.&nbsp;<br>
40. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Settings button.<br>
41. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Team Collections tab shows.<br>
42. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click on the Team Collections tab.&nbsp;<br>
43. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'This feature requires a Bloom subscription tier of ..' with Bloom Subscription Settings button.&nbsp;<br>
44. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Bloom Subscription Settings' button.<br>
45. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the &lsquo;Bloom Subscription&rsquo; tab opens.&nbsp;<br>
46. &nbsp; &nbsp;Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.<br>
47. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Restart button appears.<br>
48. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Restart button.<br>
49. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Bloom gets restarted.<br>
50. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Settings button.<br>
51. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Settings dialog opens.<br>
52. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Team Collection tab.<br>
53. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the &lsquo;CREATE A TEAM COLLECTION&rsquo; option in the Team Collection tab.<br>
54. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'CHOOSE FOLDER' link button.<br>
55. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify "Select or create the folder where this collection will be shared" dialog box opens.<br>
56. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Documents option from the left pane.&nbsp;<br>
57. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Documents folder opens.&nbsp;<br>
58. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Shared folder appears.<br>
59. &nbsp; &nbsp;Double-click on 'Shared folder'.<br>
60. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Select Folder' button.<br>
61. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Shared folder location is set. (C:\Users\username\Documents\SharedFolder)<br>
62. &nbsp; &nbsp;Check all the three boxes under 'Please read and check each of these items' heading.<br>
63. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the CREATE &amp; RESTART button.<br>
64. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Bloom gets restarted.&nbsp;<br>
65. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the 'Team Collection' button appears on the tool bar.&nbsp;<br>
66. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click a Basic book.<br>
67. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.<br>
68. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book opens in the edit view.&nbsp;<br>
69. &nbsp; &nbsp;Enter A1 Book in the Front cover title box.&nbsp;<br>
70. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.&nbsp;<br>
71. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.&nbsp;<br>
72. &nbsp; &nbsp;Enter 'Car' in the Search box.<br>
73. &nbsp; &nbsp;Press the Enter key.<br>
74. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.&nbsp;<br>
75. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click any of the Car images.<br>
76. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the OK button.&nbsp;<br>
77. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.<br>
78. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Collections tab.<br>
79. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify A1 Book thumbnail shows User A&rsquo;s Avatar.<br>
80. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book status shows "this book is checked out to you"<br>
81. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click a Basic book.<br>
82. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.<br>
83. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book opens in the edit view.&nbsp;<br>
84. &nbsp; &nbsp;Enter A2 Book in the Front cover title box.&nbsp;<br>
85. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.&nbsp;<br>
86. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.&nbsp;<br>
87. &nbsp; &nbsp;Enter 'Car' in the Search box.<br>
88. &nbsp; &nbsp;Press the Enter key.<br>
89. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.&nbsp;<br>
90. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click any of the Car images.<br>
91. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the OK button.&nbsp;<br>
92. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.<br>
93. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Collections tab.<br>
94. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify A2 Book thumbnail shows User A&rsquo;s Avatar.<br>
95. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book status shows "this book is checked out to you"<br>
96. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click a Basic book.<br>
97. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.<br>
98. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book opens in the edit view.&nbsp;<br>
99. &nbsp; &nbsp;Enter A3 Book in the Front cover title box.&nbsp;<br>
100. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.&nbsp;<br>
101. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.&nbsp;<br>
102. &nbsp; &nbsp;Enter 'Car' in the Search box.<br>
103. &nbsp; &nbsp;Press the Enter key.<br>
104. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.&nbsp;<br>
105. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click any of the Car images.<br>
106. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the OK button.&nbsp;<br>
107. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.<br>
108. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Collections tab.<br>
109. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify A3 Book thumbnail shows User A&rsquo;s Avatar.<br>
110. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book status shows "this book is checked out to you"<br>
111. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click a Basic book.<br>
112. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.<br>
113. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book opens in the edit view.&nbsp;<br>
114. &nbsp; &nbsp;Enter A4 Book in the Front cover title box.&nbsp;<br>
115. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.&nbsp;<br>
116. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.&nbsp;<br>
117. &nbsp; &nbsp;Enter 'Car' in the Search box.<br>
118. &nbsp; &nbsp;Press the Enter key.<br>
119. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.&nbsp;<br>
120. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click any of the Car images.<br>
121. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the OK button.&nbsp;<br>
122. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.<br>
123. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Collections tab.<br>
124. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify A4 Book thumbnail shows User A&rsquo;s Avatar.<br>
125. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book status shows "this book is checked out to you"<br>
126. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click a Basic book.<br>
127. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.<br>
128. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book opens in the edit view.&nbsp;<br>
129. &nbsp; &nbsp;Enter A5 Book in the Front cover title box.&nbsp;<br>
130. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.&nbsp;<br>
131. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.&nbsp;<br>
132. &nbsp; &nbsp;Enter 'Car' in the Search box.<br>
133. &nbsp; &nbsp;Press the Enter key.<br>
134. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.&nbsp;<br>
135. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click any of the Car images.<br>
136. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the OK button.&nbsp;<br>
137. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.<br>
138. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Collections tab.<br>
139. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify A5 Book thumbnail shows User A&rsquo;s Avatar.<br>
140. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book status shows "this book is checked out to you"<br>
User B:<br>
1. &nbsp; &nbsp;Open the Shared Folder. (eg., \\User A - pc\SharedFolder)<br>
2. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Team Collection book appears.<br>
3. &nbsp; &nbsp;Double click on the Team collection book.&nbsp;<br>
4. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Join this Team Collection' icon appears.<br>
5. &nbsp; &nbsp;Double click on 'Join this Team Collection'&nbsp;<br>
6. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Join the Bloom Team collection..' dialog appears.<br>
7. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the JOIN button.&nbsp;<br>
8. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Team Collection book opens.&nbsp;<br>
9. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click a Basic book.<br>
10. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.<br>
11. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book opens in the edit view.&nbsp;<br>
12. &nbsp; &nbsp;Enter B1 Book in the Front cover title box.&nbsp;<br>
13. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.&nbsp;<br>
14. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.&nbsp;<br>
15. &nbsp; &nbsp;Enter 'Car' in the Search box.<br>
16. &nbsp; &nbsp;Press the Enter key.<br>
17. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.&nbsp;<br>
18. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click any of the Car images.<br>
19. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the OK button.&nbsp;<br>
20. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.<br>
21. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Collections tab.<br>
22. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify B1 Book thumbnail shows User B&rsquo;s Avatar.<br>
23. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book status shows "this book is checked out to you"<br>
24. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click a Basic book.<br>
25. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.<br>
26. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book opens in the edit view.&nbsp;<br>
27. &nbsp; &nbsp;Enter B2 Book in the Front cover title box.&nbsp;<br>
28. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.&nbsp;<br>
29. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.&nbsp;<br>
30. &nbsp; &nbsp;Enter 'Car' in the Search box.<br>
31. &nbsp; &nbsp;Press the Enter key.<br>
32. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.&nbsp;<br>
33. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click any of the Car images.<br>
34. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the OK button.&nbsp;<br>
35. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.<br>
36. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Collections tab.<br>
37. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify B2 Book thumbnail shows User B&rsquo;s Avatar.<br>
38. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book status shows "this book is checked out to you"<br>
39. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click a Basic book.<br>
40. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.<br>
41. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book opens in the edit view.&nbsp;<br>
42. &nbsp; &nbsp;Enter B3 Book in the Front cover title box.&nbsp;<br>
43. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.&nbsp;<br>
44. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.&nbsp;<br>
45. &nbsp; &nbsp;Enter 'Car' in the Search box.<br>
46. &nbsp; &nbsp;Press the Enter key.<br>
47. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.&nbsp;<br>
48. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click any of the Car images.<br>
49. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the OK button.&nbsp;<br>
50. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.<br>
51. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Collections tab.<br>
52. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify B3 Book thumbnail shows User B&rsquo;s Avatar.<br>
53. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book status shows "this book is checked out to you"<br>
54. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click a Basic book.<br>
55. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.<br>
56. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book opens in the edit view.&nbsp;<br>
57. &nbsp; &nbsp;Enter B4 Book in the Front cover title box.&nbsp;<br>
58. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.&nbsp;<br>
59. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.&nbsp;<br>
60. &nbsp; &nbsp;Enter 'Car' in the Search box.<br>
61. &nbsp; &nbsp;Press the Enter key.<br>
62. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.&nbsp;<br>
63. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click any of the Car images.<br>
64. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the OK button.&nbsp;<br>
65. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.<br>
66. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Collections tab.<br>
67. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify B4 Book thumbnail shows User B&rsquo;s Avatar.<br>
68. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book status shows "this book is checked out to you"<br>
69. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click a Basic book.<br>
70. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.<br>
71. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book opens in the edit view.&nbsp;<br>
72. &nbsp; &nbsp;Enter B5 Book in the Front cover title box.&nbsp;<br>
73. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.&nbsp;<br>
74. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.&nbsp;<br>
75. &nbsp; &nbsp;Enter 'Car' in the Search box.<br>
76. &nbsp; &nbsp;Press the Enter key.<br>
77. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.&nbsp;<br>
78. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click any of the Car images.<br>
79. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the OK button.&nbsp;<br>
80. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.<br>
81. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Collections tab.<br>
82. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify B5 Book thumbnail shows User B&rsquo;s Avatar.<br>
83. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book status shows "this book is checked out to you".<br>
84. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify User A&rsquo;s books do not appear under collections.<br>
User A:<br>
1. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify User B&rsquo;s books do not appear in the book collection..<br>
2. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the A1 book thumbnail.<br>
3. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Context menu opens.&nbsp;<br>
4. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Delete Book option.<br>
5. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Confirm Delete dialog appears.<br>
6. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Delete button.<br>
7. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the A1 Book is deleted.&nbsp;<br>
8. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the A5 book thumbnail.<br>
9. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Context menu opens.&nbsp;<br>
10. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Delete Book option.<br>
11. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Confirm Delete dialog appears.<br>
12. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Delete button.<br>
13. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the A5 Book is deleted.&nbsp;<br>
User B:<br>
1. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify User A&rsquo;s books do not appear in the book collection.<br>
2. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the B2 book thumbnail.<br>
3. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Context menu opens.&nbsp;<br>
4. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Delete Book option.<br>
5. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Confirm Delete dialog appears.<br>
6. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Delete button.<br>
7. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the B1 Book is deleted.&nbsp;<br>
8. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the B4 book thumbnail.<br>
9. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Context menu opens.&nbsp;<br>
10. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Delete Book option.<br>
11. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Confirm Delete dialog appears.<br>
12. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Delete button.<br>
13. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the B4 Book is deleted.&nbsp;<br>
User A:<br>
1. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click on A2 Book thumbnail.<br>
2. &nbsp; &nbsp;Enter 'This is for editing' under the Comments box. (in the right pane)<br>
3. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'CHECK IN BOOK' button.<br>
4. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the A2's book status changes to "Available for editing"<br>
5. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Avatar circle disappears from the book thumbnail.<br>
6. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Updates Available button illuminates.&nbsp;<br>
7. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click 'Updates Available' button.<br>
8. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Update dialog says 'A new book called 'A2 Book' was added by a teammate'&nbsp;<br>
9. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Close button.<br>
10. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Bloom does not restart.<br>
11. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Updates Available button continues to be displayed.&nbsp;<br>
12. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click on the Updates Available button.<br>
13. &nbsp; &nbsp;Right click to Select All.&nbsp;<br>
14. &nbsp; &nbsp;Copy results of dialog.&nbsp;<br>
15. &nbsp; &nbsp;Paste into Notepad.<br>
16. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify "Time Stamp: A new book called 'A2 Book' was added by a teammate" in the notepad.<br>
17. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the RELOAD COLLECTION button.&nbsp;<br>
18. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Bloom gets restarted.&nbsp;<br>
19. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify A2 book appears in the Collection pane.&nbsp;<br>
20. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify no avatar circle appears.&nbsp;<br>
21. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify A2 is available for editing.<br>
User A:<br>
1. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the A2 book thumbnail.<br>
2. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the CHECK OUT BOOK button.<br>
3. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify A2's book status changes to "checked out to you"<br>
4. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify avatar circle appears on thumbnail.<br>
User B:<br>
1. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click on book A2 thumbnail.&nbsp;<br>
2. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify A2's book status changed to "checked out to User A"<br>
3. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Edit button greyed out.<br>
4. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify User A's avatar appears on the thumbnail.<br>
User A:<br>
1. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click on the triangle button of A2 book thumbnail.<br>
2. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Context menu opens.&nbsp;<br>
3. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Delete book option.<br>
4. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Confirm Delete dialog appears.<br>
5. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Yes button.<br>
6. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify A2 book is deleted.&nbsp;<br>
User B:<br>
1. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify TC Problem Encountered button appears.<br>
2. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click on the Problem Encountered button.<br>
3. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the log says "One of your teammates has deleted the book"A2 ". Since this book is selected, your copy will not be deleted until you reload the collection."<br>
4. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click RELOAD COLLECTION.&nbsp;<br>
5. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the TC Problems Encountered button appears.<br>
6. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click on the Problem Encountered button. &nbsp;<br>
7. &nbsp; &nbsp;Status reports "Moving 'A2' to your recycle bin as it was deleted in the Team Collection."<br>
8. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Close button.<br>
9. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify book A2 is no longer listed under Collections.<br>
10. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the TC button returns to normal.<br>
11. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click on book B1.&nbsp;<br>
12. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book status says "checked out to you".<br>
User A:<br>
1. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click A3 book thumbnail.<br>
2. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the CHECK IN BOOK button.<br>
3. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'This book is available for editing' message appears.<br>
4. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Avatar circle disappears from the thumbnail.<br>
User B:<br>
1. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Updates Available button illuminates.&nbsp;<br>
2. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Updates Available' button.<br>
3. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Update dialog says 'A new book called 'A3 Book' was added by a teammate'&nbsp;<br>
4. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify update dialog contains a RELOAD COLLECTION button<br>
5. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click RELOAD COLLECTION button<br>
6. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify &nbsp;book A3 appears in the Collection pane.<br>
7. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify no avatar circle on A3 book.<br>
User A:<br>
1. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click on A3 book.<br>
2. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the CHECK OUT BOOK button.<br>
3. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify A3's book status changes to "checked out to you".<br>
4. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify A's avatar appears on the thumbnail.<br>
User B:<br>
1. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify A's avatar appears on A3's thumbnail<br>
User A:<br>
1. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click on the triangle button of A3 book thumbnail.<br>
2. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Context menu opens.&nbsp;<br>
3. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Delete book option.<br>
4. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Confirm Delete dialog appears.<br>
5. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Yes button.<br>
6. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify A3 book is deleted from collections.<br>
User B:&nbsp;<br>
1. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify A3 is silently deleted from collections.<br>
2. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Updates Available does not appear.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Cleanup Steps:<br>
1. &nbsp; &nbsp;Delete the Subscription code.<br>
2. &nbsp; &nbsp;Delete Team Collection book.&nbsp;<br>
3. &nbsp; &nbsp;Close Bloom application.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
```

### Expectation

# Attributes

* Execution_Level: Regression
* Execution_Mode: Manual
* Product_Version: Current
* Status: Active

# Metadata

* automated: False
* broken: False
* createdBy: don_dillard@sil.org
* createdTime: 1727789600490
* deleted: False
* lastModifiedBy: 
* lastModifiedTime: 1760118964949
* launchBroken: False
* locked: False
