# ID 134

# Name Page layout PDF generation

# Description

```html
<p>(152) Check correct PDF generation for each page layout</p>
```

# Steps

## Step

### Action

```html
<p>Setup Steps:<br>
1. &nbsp; &nbsp;Launch Bloom application.<br>
2. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Settings button.<br>
3. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Settings dialog opens.&nbsp;<br>
4. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Bloom Subscription tab.<br>
5. &nbsp; &nbsp;Type 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription Code text box.&nbsp;<br>
6. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Restart button.<br>
7. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Bloom gets restarted.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Action Steps:<br>
1. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click The Moon and the Cap Shell book Under Sample Shells.&nbsp;<br>
2. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the &lsquo;MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE&rsquo; button.&nbsp;<br>
3. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book opens in the edit mode.&nbsp;<br>
4. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book is in A5 Portrait layout.<br>
5. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page thumbnails appear in the Portrait orientation.<br>
6. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click Page 12.<br>
7. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the&ldquo;Check Your Understanding" page appears on the right pane.&nbsp;<br>
8. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Publish tab.<br>
9. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the PDF &amp; Print button.<br>
10. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Publish to PDF &amp; Print view opens.<br>
11. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Simple' Booklet mode button.<br>
12. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.<br>
13. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify a PDF file is created and appear in the Portrait view.<br>
14. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to all pages.<br>
15. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.<br>
16. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to Page 12.<br>
17. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the&ldquo;Check Your Understanding" page appears correctly.<br>
18. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Edit' button.<br>
19. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book appears in the edit mode.<br>
20. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click 'A5 Portrait' page layout selector.<br>
21. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the drop down list opens.<br>
22. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the A5 Landscape option.<br>
23. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book is changed to A5 landscape view.<br>
24. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page thumbnail is changed to landscape view.<br>
25. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Publish tab.<br>
26. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the PDF &amp; Print button.<br>
27. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Publish to PDF &amp; Print view opens.<br>
28. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Simple' Booklet mode button.<br>
29. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.<br>
30. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify a PDF file is created and appear in the Landscape view.<br>
31. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to all pages.<br>
32. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.<br>
33. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to Page 12.<br>
34. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the&ldquo;Check Your Understanding" page appears correctly.<br>
35. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Edit' button.<br>
36. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book appears in the edit mode.<br>
37. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click 'A5 Landscape' page layout selector.<br>
38. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the drop down list opens.<br>
39. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the A6 Portrait option.<br>
40. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book is changed to A6 Portrait view.<br>
41. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page thumbnail is changed to Portrait view.<br>
42. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Publish tab.<br>
43. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the PDF &amp; Print button.<br>
44. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Publish to PDF &amp; Print view opens.<br>
45. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Simple' Booklet mode button.<br>
46. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.<br>
47. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify a PDF file is created and appear in Portrait view.<br>
48. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to all pages.<br>
49. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.<br>
50. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to Page 12.<br>
51. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the&ldquo;Check Your Understanding" page appears correctly.<br>
52. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Edit' button.<br>
53. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book appears in the edit mode.<br>
54. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click 'A6 Portrait' page layout selector.<br>
55. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the drop down list opens.<br>
56. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the A6 Landscape option.<br>
57. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book is changed to A6 Landscape view.<br>
58. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page thumbnail is changed to Landscape view.&nbsp;<br>
59. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Publish tab.<br>
60. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the PDF &amp; Print button.<br>
61. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Publish to PDF &amp; Print view opens.<br>
62. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Simple' Booklet mode button.<br>
63. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.<br>
64. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify a PDF file is created and appear in Landscape view.<br>
65. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to all pages.<br>
66. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.<br>
67. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to Page 12.<br>
68. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the&ldquo;Check Your Understanding" page appears correctly.<br>
69. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Edit' button.<br>
70. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book appears in the edit mode.<br>
71. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click 'A6 Landscape' page layout selector.<br>
72. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the drop down list opens.<br>
73. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the A4 Portrait option.<br>
74. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book is changed to A4 Portrait view.<br>
75. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page thumbnail is changed to Portrait view.&nbsp;<br>
76. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Publish tab.<br>
77. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the PDF &amp; Print button.<br>
78. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Publish to PDF &amp; Print view opens.<br>
79. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Simple' Booklet mode button.<br>
80. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.<br>
81. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify a PDF file is created and appear in Portrait view.<br>
82. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to all pages.<br>
83. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.<br>
84. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to Page 12.<br>
85. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the &ldquo;Check Your Understanding" page appears correctly.<br>
86. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Edit' button.<br>
87. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book appears in the edit mode.<br>
88. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click 'A4 Portrait' page layout selector.<br>
89. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the drop down list opens.<br>
90. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the A4 Landscape option.<br>
91. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book is changed to A4 Landscape view.<br>
92. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page thumbnail is changed to Landscape view.&nbsp;<br>
93. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Publish tab.<br>
94. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the PDF &amp; Print button.<br>
95. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Publish to PDF &amp; Print view opens.<br>
96. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Simple' Booklet mode button.<br>
97. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.<br>
98. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify a PDF file is created and appear in Landscape view.<br>
99. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to all pages.<br>
100. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.<br>
101. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to Page 12.<br>
102. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the &ldquo;Check Your Understanding" page appears correctly.<br>
103. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Edit' button.<br>
104. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book appears in the edit mode.<br>
105. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click 'A4 Landscape' page layout selector.<br>
106. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the drop down list opens.<br>
107. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the A3 Portrait option.<br>
108. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book is changed to A3 Portrait view.<br>
109. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page thumbnail is changed to Portrait view.&nbsp;<br>
110. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Publish tab.<br>
111. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the PDF &amp; Print button.<br>
112. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Publish to PDF &amp; Print view opens.<br>
113. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Simple' Booklet mode button.<br>
114. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.<br>
115. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify a PDF file is created and appear in Portrait view.<br>
116. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to all pages.<br>
117. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.<br>
118. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to Page 12.<br>
119. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the &ldquo;Check Your Understanding" page appears correctly.<br>
120. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Edit' button.<br>
121. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book appears in the edit mode.<br>
122. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'A3 Portrait' page layout selector.<br>
123. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the drop down list opens.<br>
124. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the A3 Landscape option.<br>
125. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book is changed to A3 Landscape view.<br>
126. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page thumbnail is changed to Landscape view.<br>
127. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Publish tab.<br>
128. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the PDF &amp; Print button.<br>
129. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Publish to PDF &amp; Print view opens.<br>
130. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Simple' Booklet mode button.<br>
131. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.<br>
132. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify a PDF file is created and appear in Landscape view.<br>
133. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to all pages.<br>
134. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.<br>
135. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to Page 12.<br>
136. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the &ldquo;Check Your Understanding" page appears correctly.<br>
137. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Edit' button.<br>
138. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book appears in the edit mode.<br>
139. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'A3 Landscape' page layout selector.<br>
140. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the drop down list opens.<br>
141. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the B5 Portrait option.<br>
142. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book is changed to B5 Portrait view.<br>
143. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page thumbnail is changed to Portrait view.&nbsp;<br>
144. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Publish tab.<br>
145. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the PDF &amp; Print button.<br>
146. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Publish to PDF &amp; Print view opens.<br>
147. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Simple' Booklet mode button.<br>
148. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.<br>
149. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify a PDF file is created and appear in Portrait view.<br>
150. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to all pages.<br>
151. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.<br>
152. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to Page 12.<br>
153. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the &ldquo;Check Your Understanding" page appears correctly.<br>
154. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Edit' button.<br>
155. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book appears in the edit mode.<br>
156. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click 'B5 Portrait' page layout selector.<br>
157. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the drop down list opens.<br>
158. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Letter Portrait' option.<br>
159. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book is changed to Letter Portrait view.<br>
160. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page thumbnail is changed to Portrait view.<br>
161. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Publish tab.<br>
162. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the PDF &amp; Print button.<br>
163. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Publish to PDF &amp; Print view opens.<br>
164. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Simple' Booklet mode button.<br>
165. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.<br>
166. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify a PDF file is created and appear in Portrait view.<br>
167. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to all pages.<br>
168. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.<br>
169. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to Page 12.<br>
170. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the &ldquo;Check Your Understanding" page appears correctly.<br>
171. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Edit' button.<br>
172. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book appears in the edit mode.<br>
173. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Letter Portrait' page layout selector.<br>
174. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the drop down list opens.<br>
175. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Letter Landscape' option.<br>
176. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book is changed to Letter Landscape view.<br>
177. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page thumbnail is changed to Landscape view.<br>
178. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Publish tab.<br>
179. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the PDF &amp; Print button.<br>
180. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Publish to PDF &amp; Print view opens.<br>
181. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Booklet Mode appears with various buttons.<br>
182. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Simple' mode button.<br>
183. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.<br>
184. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify a PDF file is created and appear in Landscape view.<br>
185. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to all pages.<br>
186. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.<br>
187. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to Page 12.<br>
188. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the &ldquo;Check Your Understanding" page appears correctly.<br>
189. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Edit' button.<br>
190. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book appears in the edit mode.<br>
191. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Letter Landscape' page layout selector.<br>
192. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the drop down list opens.<br>
193. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Legal Portrait' option.<br>
194. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book is changed to Legal Portrait view.<br>
195. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page thumbnail is changed to Portrait view.<br>
196. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Publish tab.<br>
197. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the PDF &amp; Print button.<br>
198. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Publish to PDF &amp; Print view opens.<br>
199. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Booklet Mode appears with various buttons.<br>
200. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Simple' Booklet mode button.<br>
201. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.<br>
202. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify a PDF file is created and appear in Portrait view.<br>
203. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to all pages.<br>
204. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.<br>
205. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to Page 12.<br>
206. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the &ldquo;Check Your Understanding" page appears correctly.<br>
207. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Edit' button.<br>
208. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book appears in the edit mode.<br>
209. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Legal Portrait' page layout selector.<br>
210. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the drop down list opens.<br>
211. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Legal Landscape' option.<br>
212. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book is changed to Legal Landscape view.<br>
213. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page thumbnail is changed to Landscape view.<br>
214. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Publish tab.<br>
215. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the PDF &amp; Print button.<br>
216. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Publish to PDF &amp; Print view opens.<br>
217. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Booklet Mode appears with various buttons.<br>
218. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Simple' mode button.<br>
219. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.<br>
220. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify a PDF file is created and appear in Landscape view.<br>
221. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to all pages.<br>
222. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.<br>
223. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to Page 12.<br>
224. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the &ldquo;Check Your Understanding" page appears correctly.<br>
225. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Edit' button.<br>
226. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book appears in the edit mode.<br>
227. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Legal Landscape' page layout selector.<br>
228. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the drop down list opens.<br>
229. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Half Letter Portrait' option.<br>
230. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book is changed to Portrait view.<br>
231. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page thumbnail is changed to Portrait view.&nbsp;<br>
232. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Publish tab.<br>
233. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the PDF &amp; Print button.<br>
234. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Simple'Booklet mode button.<br>
235. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.<br>
236. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify a PDF file is created and appear in Portrait view.<br>
237. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to all pages.<br>
238. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.<br>
239. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to Page 12.<br>
240. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the &ldquo;Check Your Understanding" page appears correctly.<br>
241. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Edit' button.<br>
242. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book appears in the edit mode.<br>
243. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Half Letter Portrait' page layout selector.<br>
244. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the drop down list opens.<br>
245. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Half Letter Landscape' option.<br>
246. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book is changed to Landscape view.<br>
247. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page thumbnail is changed to Landscape view.<br>
248. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Publish tab.<br>
249. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the PDF &amp; Print button.<br>
250. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Publish to PDF &amp; Print view opens.<br>
251. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Simple' Booklet mode button.<br>
252. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.<br>
253. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify a PDF file is created and appear in Landscape view.<br>
254. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to all pages.<br>
255. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.<br>
256. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to Page 12.<br>
257. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the &ldquo;Check Your Understanding" page appears correctly.<br>
258. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Edit' button.<br>
259. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book appears in the edit mode.<br>
260. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Half Letter Landscape' page layout selector.<br>
261. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the drop down list opens.<br>
262. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Half Folio Portrait' option.<br>
263. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book is changed to Portrait view.<br>
264. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page thumbnail is changed to Portrait view.&nbsp;<br>
265. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Publish tab.<br>
266. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the PDF &amp; Print button.<br>
267. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Publish to PDF &amp; Print view opens.<br>
268. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Simple' Booklet mode button.<br>
269. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.<br>
270. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify a PDF file is created and appear in Portrait view.<br>
271. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to all pages.<br>
272. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.<br>
273. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to Page 12.<br>
274. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the &ldquo;Check Your Understanding" page appears correctly.<br>
275. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Edit' button.<br>
276. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book appears in the edit mode.<br>
277. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Half Folio Portrait' page layout selector.<br>
278. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the drop down list opens.<br>
279. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Quarter Letter Portrait' option.<br>
280. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book is changed to Portrait view.<br>
281. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page thumbnail is changed to Portrait view.&nbsp;<br>
282. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Publish tab.<br>
283. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the PDF &amp; Print button.<br>
284. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Publish to PDF &amp; Print view opens.<br>
285. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Simple' Booklet mode button.<br>
286. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.<br>
287. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify a PDF file is created and appear in Portrait view.<br>
288. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to all pages.<br>
289. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.<br>
290. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to Page 12.<br>
291. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the &ldquo;Check Your Understanding" page appears correctly.<br>
292. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Edit' button.<br>
293. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book appears in the edit mode.<br>
294. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Quarter Letter Portrait' page layout selector.<br>
295. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the drop down list opens.<br>
296. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Quarter Letter Landscape' option.<br>
297. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book is changed to Landscape view.<br>
298. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page thumbnail is changed to Landscape view.<br>
299. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Publish tab.<br>
300. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the PDF &amp; Print button.<br>
301. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Publish to PDF &amp; Print view opens.<br>
302. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Simple' Booklet mode button.<br>
303. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.<br>
304. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify a PDF file is created and appear in Landscape view.<br>
305. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to all pages.<br>
306. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.<br>
307. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to Page 12.<br>
308. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the &ldquo;Check Your Understanding" page appears correctly.<br>
309. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Edit' button.<br>
310. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book appears in the edit mode.<br>
311. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Quarter Letter Landscape' page layout selector.<br>
312. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the drop down list opens.<br>
313. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Device 16x9 Portrait' option.<br>
314. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book is changed to Portrait view.<br>
315. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page thumbnail is changed to Portrait view.&nbsp;<br>
316. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Publish tab.<br>
317. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the PDF &amp; Print button.<br>
318. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Publish to PDF &amp; Print view opens.<br>
319. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Simple' Booklet mode button.<br>
320. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.<br>
321. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify a PDF file is created and appear in Portrait view.<br>
322. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to all pages.<br>
323. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.<br>
324. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to Page 12.<br>
325. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the &ldquo;Check Your Understanding" page appears correctly.<br>
326. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Edit' button.<br>
327. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book appears in the edit mode.<br>
328. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Device 16x9 Portrait' page layout selector.<br>
329. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the drop down list opens.<br>
330. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Device 16x9 Landscape' option.<br>
331. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book is changed to Landscape view.<br>
332. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page thumbnail is changed to Landscape view.&nbsp;<br>
333. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Publish tab.<br>
334. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the PDF &amp; Print button.<br>
335. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Publish to PDF &amp; Print view opens.<br>
336. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Simple' Booklet mode button.<br>
337. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.<br>
338. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify a PDF file is created and appear in Landscape view.<br>
339. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to all pages.<br>
340. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.<br>
341. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to Page 12.<br>
342. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the &ldquo;Check Your Understanding" page appears correctly.<br>
343. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Edit' button.<br>
344. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book appears in the edit mode.<br>
345. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Device 16x9 Landscape' page layout selector.<br>
346. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the drop down list opens.<br>
347. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the '13cm Square' option.<br>
348. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book is changed to Square view.<br>
349. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page thumbnail is changed to Square view.&nbsp;<br>
350. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Publish tab.<br>
351. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the PDF &amp; Print button.<br>
352. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Publish to PDF &amp; Print view opens.<br>
353. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Simple' Booklet mode button.<br>
354. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.<br>
355. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify a PDF file is created and appear in Square view.<br>
356. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to all pages.<br>
357. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.<br>
358. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to Page 12.<br>
359. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the &ldquo;Check Your Understanding" page appears correctly.<br>
360. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Edit' button.<br>
361. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book appears in the edit mode.<br>
362. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the '13cm Square' page layout selector.<br>
363. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the drop down list opens.<br>
364. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'US Comic Portrait' option.<br>
365. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book is changed to Portrait view.<br>
366. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page thumbnail is changed to Portrait view.<br>
367. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Publish tab.<br>
368. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the PDF &amp; Print button.<br>
369. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Publish to PDF &amp; Print view opens.<br>
370. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Simple' Booklet mode button.<br>
371. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.<br>
372. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify a PDF file is created and appear in Portrait view.<br>
373. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to all pages.<br>
374. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.<br>
375. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to Page 12.<br>
376. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the &ldquo;Check Your Understanding" page appears correctly.<br>
377. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Edit' button.<br>
378. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book appears in the edit mode.<br>
379. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'US Comic Portrait' page layout selector.<br>
380. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the drop down list opens.<br>
381. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the '6"x9" Portrait' option.<br>
382. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book is changed to Portrait view.<br>
383. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page thumbnail is changed to Portrait view.&nbsp;<br>
384. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Publish tab.<br>
385. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the PDF &amp; Print button.<br>
386. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Publish to PDF &amp; Print view opens.<br>
387. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Simple' Booklet mode button.<br>
388. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.<br>
389. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify a PDF file is created and appear in Portrait view.<br>
390. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to all pages.<br>
391. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.<br>
392. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to Page 12.<br>
393. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the &ldquo;Check Your Understanding" page appears correctly.<br>
394. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Edit' button.<br>
395. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book appears in the edit mode.<br>
396. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the '6"x9" Portrait' page layout selector.<br>
397. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the drop down list opens.<br>
398. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the '6"x9" Landscape' option.<br>
399. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book is changed to Landscape view.<br>
400. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page thumbnail is changed to Landscape view.<br>
401. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Publish tab.<br>
402. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the PDF &amp; Print button.<br>
403. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Publish to PDF &amp; Print view opens.<br>
404. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Simple' Booklet mode button.<br>
405. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Creating PDF..' progress bar appears.<br>
406. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify a PDF file is created and appear in Landscape view.<br>
407. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to all pages.<br>
408. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page numbers appear correctly on the pdf book.<br>
409. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to Page 12.<br>
410. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the &ldquo;Check Your Understanding" page appears correctly.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Cleanup Steps:<br>
1. &nbsp; &nbsp;Delete the Subscription code.<br>
2. &nbsp; &nbsp;Delete &lsquo;The Moon and the Cap&rsquo; book.<br>
3. &nbsp; &nbsp;Close Bloom application.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
```

### Expectation

# Attributes

* Execution_Level: Regression
* Execution_Mode: Manual
* Product_Version: Current
* Status: Active

# Metadata

* automated: False
* broken: False
* createdBy: don_dillard@sil.org
* createdTime: 1731089761744
* deleted: False
* lastModifiedBy: 
* lastModifiedTime: 1761585324854
* launchBroken: False
* locked: False
