# ID 24

# Name Cover tab

# Description

```html
Test case for Cover tab
```

# Steps

## Step

### Action

```html
<p>Setup Steps:<br>
1. &nbsp; &nbsp;Connect the Android Mobile (with Bloom Reader installed) via USB Cable to the computer.<br>
2. &nbsp; &nbsp;Launch Bloom application<br>
3. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Settings button.<br>
4. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Settings dialog opens.&nbsp;<br>
5. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Bloom Subscription tab.<br>
6. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Bloom Subscription tab opens. &nbsp;<br>
7. &nbsp; &nbsp;Enter 'Test-727011-1339' in the Subscription code.&nbsp;<br>
8. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Restart button appears instead of the OK button.<br>
9. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Restart button.<br>
10. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Bloom gets restarted.<br>
11. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Settings button.<br>
12. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Settings dialog opens.&nbsp;<br>
13. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Change' link button under the Local Language field.<br>
14. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Choose Language dialog opens.&nbsp;<br>
15. &nbsp; &nbsp;Type English on the Search bar.&nbsp;<br>
16. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'English' language appears under the search bar.&nbsp;<br>
17. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click 'English' language.<br>
18. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the OK button.&nbsp;<br>
19. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the 'English(en) language appears as Local Language.&nbsp;<br>
20. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Change' link button under the National Language field.<br>
21. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Choose Language dialog opens.&nbsp;<br>
22. &nbsp; &nbsp;Type 'french' on the Search bar.&nbsp;<br>
23. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'francais' language appears under the search bar.&nbsp;<br>
24. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click 'francais' language.<br>
25. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the OK button.&nbsp;<br>
26. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the 'francais(fr)' language appears as a National Language.&nbsp;<br>
27. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Set' link button under the Regional Language field.<br>
28. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Choose Language dialog opens.<br>
29. &nbsp; &nbsp;Type 'german' on the Search bar.&nbsp;<br>
30. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Deutsch (Standard German)' language appears under the search bar.&nbsp;<br>
31. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click 'Deutsch' language.<br>
32. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Latin' script.<br>
33. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the OK button.&nbsp;<br>
34. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the 'Deutsch(de)' language appears as a Regional Language.&nbsp;<br>
35. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Restart button.<br>
36. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Bloom gets restarted.<br>
37. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Settings button.<br>
38. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify English (en) appears as Local Language.<br>
39. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify francais (fr) appears as a National Language.<br>
40. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Deutsch(de) appears as a Regional Language.<br>
41. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the OK button.<br>
42. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Settings dialog closes.&nbsp;<br>
43. &nbsp; &nbsp;Close the Bloom application.<br>
44. &nbsp; &nbsp;Open a Browser.&nbsp;<br>
45. &nbsp; &nbsp;Type "https://bloomlibrary.org/bible/open-bible-stories/book/Whjpd8A87e" in the Search bar.&nbsp;<br>
46. &nbsp; &nbsp;Press the Enter key.<br>
47. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify '26. Jesus Starts His Ministry' book opens on the bloomlibrary.org site.<br>
48. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Translate into your language' button.&nbsp;<br>
49. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Downloading Book' progress bar opens.<br>
50. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the OK button in the Download Complete dialog.<br>
51. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book opens in the Bloom Editor.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Action Steps:<br>
1. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the "MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE" button.<br>
2. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Book appears in the Edit mode.<br>
3. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Book Settings button from the Standard toolbar.<br>
4. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Book Settings dialog opens.<br>
5. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Cover tab.<br>
6. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Front Cover menu opens.<br>
7. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify all the installed languages in the book are displayed in the Cover menu.<br>
8. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the English language is selected by default and grayed out.<br>
9. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the French language is selected by default.<br>
10. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the German (Deutsch) language is not selected by default.&nbsp;<br>
11. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the OK button.<br>
12. &nbsp; &nbsp; Click the Publish tab.<br>
13. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the BloomPUB button.<br>
14. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.<br>
15. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify English is greyed out under Text Languages.<br>
16. &nbsp; &nbsp;De-select 'francais' language under Text Languages.<br>
17. &nbsp; &nbsp;De-select 'Deutsch' language under Text Languages.<br>
18. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the PREVIEW button.<br>
19. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Book opens in the Bloom Player.<br>
20. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify there is no globe icon (language chooser) appearing on the front cover page.&nbsp;<br>
21. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to all the pages.&nbsp;<br>
22. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify that only English texts appear in all the pages.<br>
23. &nbsp; &nbsp;Select 'Send over USB Cable' option.<br>
24. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the CONNECT WITH USB CABLE button.&nbsp;<br>
25. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Publishing dialog opens.&nbsp;<br>
26. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Close button.&nbsp;<br>
27. &nbsp; &nbsp;Open the Bloom Reader in the Android Mobile.&nbsp;<br>
28. &nbsp; &nbsp;Tap the Hamburger button.&nbsp;<br>
29. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the File menu opens.&nbsp;<br>
30. &nbsp; &nbsp;Tap the 'Open BloomPUB file' option.&nbsp;<br>
31. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the file manager folder opens.&nbsp;<br>
32. &nbsp; &nbsp;Tap '26. Jesus Starts His Ministry'.bloomPUB file.&nbsp;<br>
33. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book opens in the Bloom Reader.&nbsp;<br>
34. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify that there is no globe icon (language chooser) appearing on the front cover page.&nbsp;<br>
35. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to all the pages.&nbsp;<br>
36. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify that only english texts appear in all the pages.<br>
37. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Web button.<br>
38. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Publish to Web view opens.<br>
39. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Click to fix' link button which appears under the 'Missing Copyright' label.<br>
40. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Copyright and License' dialog opens.&nbsp;<br>
41. &nbsp; &nbsp;Type 'Tester' in the 'Copyright Holder' text box.&nbsp;<br>
42. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the OK button.&nbsp;<br>
43. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click all the three checkboxes under 'Agreements' topic.<br>
44. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button gets enabled.&nbsp;<br>
45. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.<br>
46. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify a 'Sign in / Sign up' dialog opens.&nbsp;<br>
47. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Sign in with email' button.<br>
48. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Sign in with email' dialog opens.&nbsp;<br>
49. &nbsp; &nbsp;Type a valid email (eg., shawn@eth.net) in the Email text box.&nbsp;<br>
50. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Next button.<br>
51. &nbsp; &nbsp;Type a valid password (eg., B123456@u) in the Password text box.<br>
52. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'SIGN IN' button.<br>
53. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' green button appears under Upload heading in Publish to Web view.<br>
54. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button.<br>
55. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Upload Progress message appears on the screen.<br>
56. &nbsp; &nbsp;Wait for a few seconds.&nbsp;<br>
57. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'VIEW ON BLOOMLIBRARY' green button appears under 'Your Book on Bloomlibrary.org' heading.<br>
58. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'VIEW ON BLOOMLIBRARY' button.<br>
59. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book opens dev.bloomlibrary.org site.&nbsp;<br>
60. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify &lsquo;English&rsquo; language only appears under Book title.<br>
61. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'This book has recently arrived in the Bloom Library..' green box message appears.&nbsp;<br>
62. &nbsp; &nbsp;Wait for a minute.&nbsp;<br>
63. &nbsp; &nbsp;Press F5 key to refresh the page.&nbsp;<br>
64. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the 'READ' button appears.<br>
65. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'READ' button.<br>
66. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Book opens in the Bloom Player.&nbsp;<br>
67. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify that there is no globe icon (language chooser) appearing on the front cover page.&nbsp;<br>
68. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to all the pages.&nbsp;<br>
69. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify that only english texts appear in all the pages.<br>
70. &nbsp; &nbsp;Close the browser window.<br>
71. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'PDF &amp; Print' button. (in Publish\Bloom)<br>
72. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Publish to PDF &amp; Print view opens.&nbsp;<br>
73. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Simple' Booklet Mode option.<br>
74. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the PDF file is created and appear on the screen.&nbsp;<br>
75. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to all the pages.&nbsp;<br>
76. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify that only english texts appear in all the pages.<br>
77. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the BloomPUB button.<br>
78. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.<br>
79. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify English is greyed out under Text Languages.<br>
80. &nbsp; &nbsp;Select 'Deutsch' language under Text Languages.<br>
81. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the PREVIEW button.<br>
82. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Book opens in the Bloom Player.<br>
83. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify that there a globe icon (language chooser) appears on the front cover page.&nbsp;<br>
84. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to all the pages.&nbsp;<br>
85. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify that only english texts appear in all the pages.<br>
86. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click on the globe icon.<br>
87. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Languages in this book' dialog opens.&nbsp;<br>
88. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify English language is selected by default.&nbsp;<br>
89. &nbsp; &nbsp;Select 'Deutsch(German) language.&nbsp;<br>
90. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Close button.&nbsp;<br>
91. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify that all the texts appear in German language.<br>
92. &nbsp; &nbsp;Select 'Send over USB Cable' option.<br>
93. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the CONNECT WITH USB CABLE button.&nbsp;<br>
94. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Publishing dialog opens.&nbsp;<br>
95. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Close button.&nbsp;<br>
96. &nbsp; &nbsp;Open the Bloom Reader in the Android Mobile.&nbsp;<br>
97. &nbsp; &nbsp;Tap the Hamburger button.&nbsp;<br>
98. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the File menu opens.&nbsp;<br>
99. &nbsp; &nbsp;Tap the 'Open BloomPUB file' option.&nbsp;<br>
100. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the file manager folder opens.&nbsp;<br>
101. &nbsp; &nbsp;Tap '26. Jesus Starts His Ministry'.bloomPUB file.&nbsp;<br>
102. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book opens in the Bloom Reader.&nbsp;<br>
103. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify that there a globe icon (language chooser) appears on the front cover page.&nbsp;<br>
104. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to all the pages.&nbsp;<br>
105. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify that only english texts appear in all the pages.<br>
106. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click on the globe icon.<br>
107. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Languages in this book' dialog opens.&nbsp;<br>
108. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify English language is selected by default.&nbsp;<br>
109. &nbsp; &nbsp;Select 'Deutsch(German) language.&nbsp;<br>
110. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Close button.&nbsp;<br>
111. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify that all the texts appear in German language.<br>
112. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Web button (in Bloom Editor).<br>
113. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Publish to Web view opens.<br>
114. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' green button appears under Upload heading in Publish to Web view.<br>
115. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button.<br>
116. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Upload Progress message appears on the screen.<br>
117. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Is this an update of your existing book?' Collision ID box opens.&nbsp;<br>
118. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Yes, I want to update this book' option.<br>
119. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the UPLOAD button.<br>
120. &nbsp; &nbsp;Wait for a few seconds.&nbsp;<br>
121. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'VIEW ON BLOOMLIBRARY' green button appears under 'Your Book on Bloomlibrary.org' heading.<br>
122. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'VIEW ON BLOOMLIBRARY' button.<br>
123. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book opens dev.bloomlibrary.org site.&nbsp;<br>
124. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'English and German' Languages appears under the Book title.<br>
125. &nbsp; &nbsp;Wait for a minute.&nbsp;<br>
126. &nbsp; &nbsp;Press F5 key to refresh the page.&nbsp;<br>
127. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the 'READ' button appears.<br>
128. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'READ' button.<br>
129. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Book opens in the Bloom Player.&nbsp;<br>
130. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify that there is a globe icon (language chooser) appearing on the front cover page.&nbsp;<br>
131. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to all the pages.&nbsp;<br>
132. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify that only english texts appear in all the pages.<br>
133. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click on the globe icon.<br>
134. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Languages in this book' dialog opens.&nbsp;<br>
135. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify English language is selected by default.&nbsp;<br>
136. &nbsp; &nbsp;Select 'Deutsch(German) language.&nbsp;<br>
137. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify that all the texts appear in German language.<br>
138. &nbsp; &nbsp;Close the Browser window.<br>
139. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'PDF &amp; Print' button. (in Publish\Bloom)<br>
140. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Publish to PDF &amp; Print view opens.&nbsp;<br>
141. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Simple' Booklet Mode option.<br>
142. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the PDF file is created and appear on the screen.&nbsp;<br>
143. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to all the pages.&nbsp;<br>
144. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify that only english texts appear in all the pages.<br>
145. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the BloomPUB button.<br>
146. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.<br>
147. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify English is greyed out under Text Languages.<br>
148. &nbsp; &nbsp;De-Select 'Deutsch' language under Text Languages.<br>
149. &nbsp; &nbsp;Select 'francais' language under Text Languages.<br>
150. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the PREVIEW button.<br>
151. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Book opens in the Bloom Player.<br>
152. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify that there a globe icon (language chooser) appears on the front cover page.&nbsp;<br>
153. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to all the pages.&nbsp;<br>
154. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify that only english texts appear in all the pages.<br>
155. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click on the globe icon.<br>
156. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Languages in this book' dialog opens.&nbsp;<br>
157. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify English language is selected by default.&nbsp;<br>
158. &nbsp; &nbsp;Select 'francais(French)&rsquo; language.&nbsp;<br>
159. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify that all the texts appear in French language.<br>
160. &nbsp; &nbsp;Select 'Send over USB Cable' option.<br>
161. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the CONNECT WITH USB CABLE button.&nbsp;<br>
162. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Publishing dialog opens.&nbsp;<br>
163. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Close button.&nbsp;<br>
164. &nbsp; &nbsp;Open the Bloom Reader in the Android Mobile.&nbsp;<br>
165. &nbsp; &nbsp;Tap the Hamburger button.&nbsp;<br>
166. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the File menu opens.&nbsp;<br>
167. &nbsp; &nbsp;Tap the 'Open BloomPUB file' option.&nbsp;<br>
168. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the file manager folder opens.&nbsp;<br>
169. &nbsp; &nbsp;Tap '26. Jesus Starts His Ministry'.bloomPUB file.&nbsp;<br>
170. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book opens in the Bloom Reader.&nbsp;<br>
171. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify that there a globe icon (language chooser) appears on the front cover page.&nbsp;<br>
172. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to all the pages.&nbsp;<br>
173. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify that only english texts appear in all the pages.<br>
174. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click on the globe icon.<br>
175. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Languages in this book' dialog opens.&nbsp;<br>
176. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify English language is selected by default.&nbsp;<br>
177. &nbsp; &nbsp;Select 'francais(French)' language.&nbsp;<br>
178. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify that all the texts appear in French language.<br>
179. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Web button (in Bloom Editor).<br>
180. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Publish to Web view opens.<br>
181. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' green button appears under Upload heading in Publish to Web view.<br>
182. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button.<br>
183. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Upload Progress message appears on the screen.<br>
184. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Is this an update of your existing book?' Collision ID box opens.&nbsp;<br>
185. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Yes, I want to update this book' option.<br>
186. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the UPLOAD button.<br>
187. &nbsp; &nbsp;Wait for a few seconds.&nbsp;<br>
188. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'VIEW ON BLOOMLIBRARY' green button appears under 'Your Book on Bloomlibrary.org' heading.<br>
189. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'VIEW ON BLOOMLIBRARY' button.<br>
190. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book opens dev.bloomlibrary.org site.&nbsp;<br>
191. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'English and French(francais)' Languages appears under the Book title.<br>
192. &nbsp; &nbsp;Wait for a minute.&nbsp;<br>
193. &nbsp; &nbsp;Press F5 key to refresh the page.&nbsp;<br>
194. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the 'READ' button appears.<br>
195. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'READ' button.<br>
196. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Book opens in the Bloom Player.&nbsp;<br>
197. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify that there is a globe icon (language chooser) appearing on the front cover page.&nbsp;<br>
198. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to all the pages.&nbsp;<br>
199. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify that only english texts appear in all the pages.<br>
200. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click on the globe icon.<br>
201. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Languages in this book' dialog opens.&nbsp;<br>
202. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify English language is selected by default.&nbsp;<br>
203. &nbsp; &nbsp;Select 'French(francais)' language.&nbsp;<br>
204. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify that all the texts appear in French language.<br>
205. &nbsp; &nbsp;Close the browser window.<br>
206. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'PDF &amp; Print' button. (in Publish\Bloom)<br>
207. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Publish to PDF &amp; Print view opens.&nbsp;<br>
208. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Simple' Booklet Mode option.<br>
209. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the PDF file is created and appear on the screen.&nbsp;<br>
210. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to all the pages.&nbsp;<br>
211. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify that only english texts appear in all the pages.<br>
212. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the BloomPUB button.<br>
213. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.<br>
214. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify English is greyed out under Text Languages.<br>
215. &nbsp; &nbsp;Select 'Deutsch' language under Text Languages.<br>
216. &nbsp; &nbsp;Select 'francais' language under Text Languages.&nbsp;<br>
217. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the PREVIEW button.<br>
218. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Book opens in the Bloom Player.<br>
219. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify that there is a globe icon (language chooser) appears on the front cover page.&nbsp;<br>
220. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to all the pages.&nbsp;<br>
221. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify that only english texts appear in all the pages.<br>
222. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click on the globe icon.<br>
223. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Languages in this book' dialog opens.&nbsp;<br>
224. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify English language is selected by default.&nbsp;<br>
225. &nbsp; &nbsp;Select 'francais(French)' language.&nbsp;<br>
226. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify that all the texts appear in French language.<br>
227. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click on the globe icon.<br>
228. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Languages in this book' dialog opens.&nbsp;<br>
229. &nbsp; &nbsp;Select 'Deutsch(German)' language.&nbsp;<br>
230. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify that all the texts appear in German language.<br>
231. &nbsp; &nbsp;Select 'Send over USB Cable' option.<br>
232. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the CONNECT WITH USB CABLE button.&nbsp;<br>
233. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Publishing dialog opens.&nbsp;<br>
234. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Close button.&nbsp;<br>
235. &nbsp; &nbsp;Open the Bloom Reader in the Android Mobile.&nbsp;<br>
236. &nbsp; &nbsp;Tap the Hamburger button.&nbsp;<br>
237. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the File menu opens.&nbsp;<br>
238. &nbsp; &nbsp;Tap the 'Open BloomPUB file' option.&nbsp;<br>
239. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the file manager folder opens.&nbsp;<br>
240. &nbsp; &nbsp;Tap '26. Jesus Starts His Ministry'.bloomPUB file.&nbsp;<br>
241. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book opens in the Bloom Reader.&nbsp;<br>
242. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify that there a globe icon (language chooser) appears on the front cover page.&nbsp;<br>
243. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to all the pages.&nbsp;<br>
244. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify that only english texts appear in all the pages.<br>
245. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click on the globe icon.<br>
246. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Languages in this book' dialog opens.&nbsp;<br>
247. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify English language is selected by default.&nbsp;<br>
248. &nbsp; &nbsp;Select 'francais(French)' language.&nbsp;<br>
249. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify that all the texts appear in French language.<br>
250. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click on the globe icon.<br>
251. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Languages in this book' dialog opens.&nbsp;<br>
252. &nbsp; &nbsp;Select 'Deutsch(German)' language.&nbsp;<br>
253. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify that all the texts appear in German language.<br>
254. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Web button (in Bloom Editor).<br>
255. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Publish to Web view opens.<br>
256. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' green button appears under Upload heading in Publish to Web view.<br>
257. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button.<br>
258. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Upload Progress message appears on the screen.<br>
259. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Is this an update of your existing book?' Collision ID box opens.&nbsp;<br>
260. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click 'Yes, I wan to update this book' option.<br>
261. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the UPLOAD button.<br>
262. &nbsp; &nbsp;Wait for a few seconds.&nbsp;<br>
263. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'VIEW ON BLOOMLIBRARY' green button appears under 'Your Book on Bloomlibrary.org' heading.<br>
264. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'VIEW ON BLOOMLIBRARY' button.<br>
265. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book opens dev.bloomlibrary.org site.&nbsp;<br>
266. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'English, French(francais) and German' Languages appears under the Book title.<br>
267. &nbsp; &nbsp;Wait for a minute.&nbsp;<br>
268. &nbsp; &nbsp;Press F5 key to refresh the page.&nbsp;<br>
269. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the 'READ' button appears.<br>
270. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'READ' button.<br>
271. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Book opens in the Bloom Player.&nbsp;<br>
272. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify that there is a globe icon (language chooser) appearing on the front cover page.&nbsp;<br>
273. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to all the pages.&nbsp;<br>
274. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify that only english texts appear in all the pages.<br>
275. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click on the globe icon.<br>
276. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Languages in this book' dialog opens.&nbsp;<br>
277. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify English language is selected by default.&nbsp;<br>
278. &nbsp; &nbsp;Select 'francais(French)' language.&nbsp;<br>
279. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify that all the texts appear in French language.<br>
280. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click on the globe icon.<br>
281. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Languages in this book' dialog opens.&nbsp;<br>
282. &nbsp; &nbsp;Select 'Deutsch(German)' language.&nbsp;<br>
283. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify that all the texts appear in German language.<br>
284. &nbsp; &nbsp;Close the Browser window.<br>
285. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'PDF &amp; Print' button. (in Publish\Bloom)<br>
286. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Publish to PDF &amp; Print view opens.&nbsp;<br>
287. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Simple' Booklet Mode option.<br>
288. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the PDF file is created and appear on the screen.&nbsp;<br>
289. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to all the pages.&nbsp;<br>
290. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify that only english texts appear in all the pages.<br>
291. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Edit tab.&nbsp;<br>
292. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Book Settings button from the Standard toolbar.<br>
293. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Book Settings dialog opens.<br>
294. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Front Cover menu opens.<br>
295. &nbsp; &nbsp;De-select the 'Show Topic' checkbox.&nbsp;<br>
296. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the OK button.&nbsp;<br>
297. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the topic (eg., Bible) appears at the bottom of the Front cover page disappears.<br>
298. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the BloomPUB button.<br>
299. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.<br>
300. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the PREVIEW button.<br>
301. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Book opens in the Bloom Player.<br>
302. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the topic (eg., Bible) is not displayed on the Front cover page.&nbsp;<br>
303. &nbsp; &nbsp;Select 'Send over USB Cable' option.<br>
304. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the CONNECT WITH USB CABLE button.&nbsp;<br>
305. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Publishing dialog opens.&nbsp;<br>
306. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Close button.&nbsp;<br>
307. &nbsp; &nbsp;Open the Bloom Reader in the Android Mobile.&nbsp;<br>
308. &nbsp; &nbsp;Tap the Hamburger button.&nbsp;<br>
309. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the File menu opens.&nbsp;<br>
310. &nbsp; &nbsp;Tap the 'Open BloomPUB file' option.&nbsp;<br>
311. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the file manager folder opens.&nbsp;<br>
312. &nbsp; &nbsp;Tap '26. Jesus Starts His Ministry'.bloomPUB file.&nbsp;<br>
313. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book opens in the Bloom Reader.&nbsp;<br>
314. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the topic (eg., Bible) is not displayed on the Front cover page.<br>
315. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Web button (in Bloom Editor).<br>
316. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Publish to Web view opens.<br>
317. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' green button appears under Upload heading in Publish to Web view.<br>
318. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'UPLOAD BOOK (TO DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button.<br>
319. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Upload Progress message appears on the screen.<br>
320. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Is this an update of your existing book?' Collision ID box opens.&nbsp;<br>
321. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Yes, I want to update this book' option.<br>
322. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the UPLOAD button.<br>
323. &nbsp; &nbsp;Wait for a few seconds.&nbsp;<br>
324. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'VIEW ON BLOOMLIBRARY' green button appears under 'Your Book on Bloomlibrary.org' heading.<br>
325. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'VIEW ON BLOOMLIBRARY' button.<br>
326. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book opens dev.bloomlibrary.org site.&nbsp;<br>
327. &nbsp; &nbsp;Wait for a minute.&nbsp;<br>
328. &nbsp; &nbsp;Press F5 key to refresh the page.&nbsp;<br>
329. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the 'READ' button appears.<br>
330. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'READ' button.<br>
331. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Book opens in the Bloom Player.&nbsp;<br>
332. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the topic (eg., Bible) is not displayed on the Front cover page.<br>
333. &nbsp; &nbsp;Close the Browser window.<br>
334. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'PDF &amp; Print' button. (in Publish\Bloom)<br>
335. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Publish to PDF &amp; Print view opens.&nbsp;<br>
336. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Simple' Booklet Mode option.<br>
337. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the PDF file is created and appear on the screen.&nbsp;<br>
338. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the topic (eg., Bible) is not displayed on the Front cover page.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Cleanup Steps:<br>
1. &nbsp; &nbsp;Disconnect the Android Mobile from the computer.<br>
2. &nbsp; &nbsp;Delete the Subscription code.&nbsp;<br>
3. &nbsp; &nbsp;Delete &lsquo;26. Jesus Starts His Ministry&rsquo; book.<br>
4. &nbsp; &nbsp;Close Bloom application.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
```

### Expectation

# Attributes

* Execution_Level: Regression
* Execution_Mode: Manual
* Product_Version: Current
* Status: Active

# Metadata

* automated: False
* broken: False
* createdBy: don_dillard@sil.org
* createdTime: 1725460288081
* deleted: False
* lastModifiedBy: 
* lastModifiedTime: 1761840961465
* launchBroken: False
* locked: False
