# ID 601

# Name Assign features to tiers (Basic Plan Test)

# Description

```html
<p>BL-14462 - Assign features to tiers (Basic Plan Test)</p>
```

# Steps

## Step

### Action

```html
<p>Setup Steps:<br>
1. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Other Collection' button.<br>
2. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Open/Create Collections' dialog opens.&nbsp;<br>
3. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Create New Collection' button.<br>
4. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Create New Bloom Collection' &nbsp;dialog opens.&nbsp;<br>
5. &nbsp; &nbsp;Enter 'Tamil' in the Search box.<br>
6. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Tamil language bar appears.<br>
7. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Tamil language bar.<br>
8. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Tamil' script box appears.&nbsp;<br>
9. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Tamil' script box.<br>
10. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Next button.<br>
11. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Font and Script view appears.<br>
12. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Next button.&nbsp;<br>
13. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Give Language Location view appears.&nbsp;<br>
14. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Next button.<br>
15. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'தமிழ் Books' appears as Collection Name.&nbsp;<br>
16. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Next button.<br>
17. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Ready to create New collection' pane appears.<br>
18. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Finish button.&nbsp;<br>
19. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify a new collection 'தமிழ் Books' appears on the Collections view.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Action Steps:<br>
1. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click a Basic book.<br>
2. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.<br>
3. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.<br>
4. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book opens in the edit mode.<br>
5. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Add page button.<br>
6. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Add Page dialog opens.<br>
7. &nbsp; &nbsp;Select 'Basic Text &amp; Picture' template.<br>
8. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Add page button.<br>
9. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page is added in the edit mode.<br>
10. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Change Image' button on the picture pane.&nbsp;<br>
11. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Image Toolbox dialog opens.&nbsp;<br>
12. &nbsp; &nbsp;Enter 'Car' in the Search box.<br>
13. &nbsp; &nbsp;Press the Enter key.<br>
14. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Car images appear on the preview pane.&nbsp;<br>
15. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click any of the Car images.<br>
16. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the OK button.&nbsp;<br>
17. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Car image appears on the picture pane.<br>
18. &nbsp; &nbsp;Enter &lsquo;This is a Car&rsquo; in the text box.<br>
19. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Hamburger button.&nbsp;<br>
20. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the TBT menu opens.&nbsp;<br>
21. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Advanced button.<br>
22. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Advanced menu opens.&nbsp;<br>
23. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify &lsquo;Subscription&rsquo; icon appears near &ldquo;By Whole Text Box&rdquo; recording mode and the button is disabled (greyed out).<br>
24. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the More...option under the TBT menu.<br>
25. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify More..menu opens.&nbsp;<br>
26. &nbsp; &nbsp;Select 'Motion Tool' checkbox.&nbsp;<br>
27. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'This feature requires a Bloom subscription tier of at least "Pro"" message appears with 'Bloom Subscription Settings' button.&nbsp;<br>
28. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the More...option under the TBT menu.<br>
29. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify More..menu opens.&nbsp;<br>
30. &nbsp; &nbsp;Select 'Music Tool' checkbox.&nbsp;<br>
31. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'This feature requires a Bloom subscription tier of at least "Pro"" message appears with 'Bloom Subscription Settings' button.&nbsp;<br>
32. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the More...option under the TBT menu.<br>
33. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify More..menu opens.&nbsp;<br>
34. &nbsp; &nbsp;Select 'Overlay Tool' checkbox.&nbsp;<br>
35. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'This feature requires a Bloom subscription tier of at least "Pro"" message appears with 'Bloom Subscription Settings' button.<br>
36. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Collections tab.<br>
37. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Collections view opens.&nbsp;<br>
38. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Settings button.&nbsp;<br>
39. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Settings dialog opens.&nbsp;<br>
40. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Advanced Program Settings' tab.&nbsp;<br>
41. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Subscription icon appears near the Team Collections check box.&nbsp;<br>
42. &nbsp; &nbsp;Select the 'Team Collections' check box.&nbsp;<br>
43. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Restart button.<br>
44. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Bloom gets restarted.&nbsp;<br>
45. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Settings button.&nbsp;<br>
46. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Settings dialog opens.&nbsp;<br>
47. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Team Collection' tab.<br>
48. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'This feature requires a Bloom subscription tier of at least "Pro"" message appears with 'Bloom Subscription Settings' button.<br>
49. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the OK button.&nbsp;<br>
50. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the EDIT THIS BOOK button.&nbsp;<br>
51. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book opens in the edit mode.&nbsp;<br>
52. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Book Settings button.<br>
53. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Book Settings dialog opens.&nbsp;<br>
54. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Cover option.&nbsp;<br>
55. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify a Subscription icon appears with a message "Feature Requires Higher Subscription Tier"<br>
56. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the OK button.&nbsp;<br>
57. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Add Page button.&nbsp;<br>
58. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Add page dialog opens.&nbsp;<br>
59. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click any template under Games Pages.&nbsp;<br>
60. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'This feature requires a Bloom subscription tier of at least "Pro"" message appears with 'Bloom Subscription Settings' button.<br>
61. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click any template under Paper Comic Book Pages.<br>
62. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'This feature requires a Bloom subscription tier of at least "Pro"" message appears with 'Bloom Subscription Settings' button.<br>
63. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click any template under Digital Comic Book Pages.<br>
64. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'This feature requires a Bloom subscription tier of at least "Pro"" message appears with 'Bloom Subscription Settings' button.<br>
65. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Close button.<br>
66. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Publish tab.<br>
67. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the ePUB button.<br>
68. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'This feature requires a Bloom subscription tier of at least "Pro"" message appears with 'Bloom Subscription Settings' button.<br>
69. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Audio or Video button.<br>
70. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'This feature requires a Bloom subscription tier of at least "Pro"" message appears with 'Bloom Subscription Settings' button.<br>
71. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Close button.<br>
72. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Bloom closes.&nbsp;<br>
73. &nbsp; &nbsp;Download a motion book from the given link: https://dev.bloomlibrary.org/my-books/book/7lbm5E6qsF&nbsp;<br>
74. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book opens in Bloom application.<br>
75. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.<br>
76. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book opens in the edit mode.&nbsp;<br>
77. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Hamburger button to show the TBT menu. (if it is not open)<br>
78. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Front cover title gets highlighted.&nbsp;<br>
79. &nbsp; &nbsp;Press and hold the 3)Speak button.&nbsp;<br>
80. &nbsp; &nbsp;Record 'Motion book' using microphone.&nbsp;<br>
81. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the 4)Check button is enabled.&nbsp;<br>
82. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Motion Tool option.<br>
83. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Motion Tool is still in disabled state.&nbsp;<br>
84. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Publish tab.<br>
85. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the BloomPUB button.<br>
86. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.&nbsp;<br>
87. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Motion Book feature is checked.<br>
88. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Preview button.&nbsp;<br>
89. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Motion plays.<br>
90. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Web button.&nbsp;<br>
91. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Publish to Web view opens.&nbsp;<br>
92. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click 'Click to fix' near Missing Title.<br>
93. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Front cover title box opens.&nbsp;<br>
94. &nbsp; &nbsp;Paste 'கதைகள்' in the text box.&nbsp;<br>
95. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Credits Page.<br>
96. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click Needs Copyright button.<br>
97. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Copyright and License dialog open.&nbsp;<br>
98. &nbsp; &nbsp;Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder box.&nbsp;<br>
99. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the OK button.&nbsp;<br>
100. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Publish tab.<br>
101. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Web button.&nbsp;<br>
102. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Publish to Web view opens.<br>
103. &nbsp; &nbsp;Check all the three checkboxes under Agreements.<br>
104. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.<br>
105. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify it opens the Sign In / Sign Up dialog.<br>
106. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Sign in with email' button.<br>
107. &nbsp; &nbsp;Enter the registered email (with bloom) in the Email text box. (eg., shawn@eth.net)<br>
108. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Next button.<br>
109. &nbsp; &nbsp;Enter valid password in the password text box.&nbsp;<br>
110. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Sign In button.<br>
111. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button appears on the Publish to Web view.&nbsp;<br>
112. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button<br>
113. &nbsp; &nbsp;Wait for a few seconds.<br>
114. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button.<br>
115. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book opens in the blorg. (ie., dev.bloomlibrary.org).<br>
116. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the READ button.<br>
117. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book opens in Bloom Player.&nbsp;<br>
118. &nbsp; &nbsp;Navigate to all pages.<br>
119. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the harvested book plays the book in motion.<br>
120. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Close button.<br>
121. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the blorg site closes.&nbsp;<br>
122. &nbsp; &nbsp;Download a music book from the given link: https://dev.bloomlibrary.org/my-books/book/azDfvWZRwh<br>
123. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book opens in Bloom application.<br>
124. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.<br>
125. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book opens in the edit mode.&nbsp;<br>
126. &nbsp; &nbsp;Paste கதைகள் in the Front cover book title.<br>
127. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Music Tool is still disabled.<br>
128. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Publish tab.<br>
129. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the BloomPUB button.<br>
130. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.&nbsp;<br>
131. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Preview button.<br>
132. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Music Plays.<br>
133. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Web button.&nbsp;<br>
134. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Publish to Web view opens.&nbsp;<br>
135. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click 'Click to fix' near Missing Copyright.<br>
136. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Copyright and License dialog open.&nbsp;<br>
137. &nbsp; &nbsp;Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder box.&nbsp;<br>
138. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the OK button.&nbsp;<br>
139. &nbsp; &nbsp;Check all the three checkboxes under Agreements.<br>
140. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.<br>
141. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify it opens the Sign In / Sign Up dialog.<br>
142. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Sign in with email' button.<br>
143. &nbsp; &nbsp;Enter the registered email (with bloom) in the Email text box. (eg., shawn@eth.net)<br>
144. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Next button.<br>
145. &nbsp; &nbsp;Enter valid password in the password text box.&nbsp;<br>
146. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Sign In button.<br>
147. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button appears on the Publish to Web view.&nbsp;<br>
148. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button<br>
149. &nbsp; &nbsp;Wait for a few seconds.<br>
150. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button.<br>
151. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book opens in the blorg. (ie., dev.bloomlibrary.org).<br>
152. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the READ button.<br>
153. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book opens in Bloom Player.&nbsp;<br>
154. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the harvested book plays the music.<br>
155. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Close button.<br>
156. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the blorg site closes.<br>
157. &nbsp; &nbsp;Close Bloom application.<br>
158. &nbsp; &nbsp;Download a Overlay book from the given link: https://dev.bloomlibrary.org/my-books/book/eySay96sEb<br>
159. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book opens in Bloom application.<br>
160. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.<br>
161. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book opens in the edit mode.&nbsp;<br>
162. &nbsp; &nbsp;Paste கதைகள் in the Front cover book title.<br>
163. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click Page 2 thumbnail.<br>
164. &nbsp; &nbsp;Enter 'Hello!' in the Speech bubble overlay in Page 2.<br>
165. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the &nbsp;Overlay Tool menu is still disabled.<br>
166. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Publish tab.<br>
167. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the BloomPUB button.<br>
168. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.&nbsp;<br>
169. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Comic feature is ticked.<br>
170. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Preview button.<br>
171. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page is not removed.<br>
172. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Web button.&nbsp;<br>
173. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Publish to Web view opens.&nbsp;<br>
174. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click 'Click to fix' near Missing Copyright.<br>
175. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Copyright and License dialog open.&nbsp;<br>
176. &nbsp; &nbsp;Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder box.&nbsp;<br>
177. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the OK button.&nbsp;<br>
178. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Publish tab.<br>
179. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Web button.&nbsp;<br>
180. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Publish to Web view opens.<br>
181. &nbsp; &nbsp;Check all the three checkboxes under Agreements.<br>
182. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.<br>
183. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify it opens the Sign In / Sign Up dialog.<br>
184. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Sign in with email' button.<br>
185. &nbsp; &nbsp;Enter the registered email (with bloom) in the Email text box. (eg., shawn@eth.net)<br>
186. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Next button.<br>
187. &nbsp; &nbsp;Enter valid password in the password text box.&nbsp;<br>
188. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Sign In button.<br>
189. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button appears on the Publish to Web view.&nbsp;<br>
190. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button<br>
191. &nbsp; &nbsp;Wait for a few seconds.<br>
192. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button.<br>
193. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book opens in the blorg. (ie., dev.bloomlibrary.org).<br>
194. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the READ button.<br>
195. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book opens in Bloom Player.&nbsp;<br>
196. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the harvested book shows the Overlay page correctly.<br>
197. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Close button.<br>
198. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the blorg site closes.<br>
199. &nbsp; &nbsp;Close Bloom application.<br>
200. &nbsp; &nbsp;Download the game book from the given link: https://dev.bloomlibrary.org/my-books/book/cRg1PBeurI<br>
201. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book opens in Bloom application.<br>
202. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.<br>
203. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book opens in the edit mode.&nbsp;<br>
204. &nbsp; &nbsp;Paste கதைகள் in the Front cover book title.<br>
205. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click Page 2 thumbnail.<br>
206. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the game page opens.<br>
207. &nbsp; &nbsp;Paste 'மரியாதை ராமன்' in the Title box.&nbsp;<br>
208. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Game tool is still disabled.&nbsp;<br>
209. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Publish tab.<br>
210. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the BloomPUB button.<br>
211. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.&nbsp;<br>
212. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Game feature is ticked.<br>
213. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Preview button.<br>
214. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the pages are not removed.&nbsp;<br>
215. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Web button.&nbsp;<br>
216. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Publish to Web view opens.&nbsp;<br>
217. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click 'Click to fix' near Missing Copyright.<br>
218. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Copyright and License dialog open.&nbsp;<br>
219. &nbsp; &nbsp;Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder box.&nbsp;<br>
220. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the OK button.&nbsp;<br>
221. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Publish tab.<br>
222. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Web button.&nbsp;<br>
223. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Publish to Web view opens.<br>
224. &nbsp; &nbsp;Check all the three checkboxes under Agreements.<br>
225. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.<br>
226. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify it opens the Sign In / Sign Up dialog.<br>
227. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Sign in with email' button.<br>
228. &nbsp; &nbsp;Enter the registered email (with bloom) in the Email text box. (eg., shawn@eth.net)<br>
229. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Next button.<br>
230. &nbsp; &nbsp;Enter valid password in the password text box.&nbsp;<br>
231. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Sign In button.<br>
232. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button appears on the Publish to Web view.&nbsp;<br>
233. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button<br>
234. &nbsp; &nbsp;Wait for a few seconds.<br>
235. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button.<br>
236. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book opens in the blorg. (ie., dev.bloomlibrary.org).<br>
237. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the READ button.<br>
238. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book opens in Bloom Player.&nbsp;<br>
239. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the harvested book shows two game pages correctly.<br>
240. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Close button.<br>
241. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the blorg site closes.<br>
242. &nbsp; &nbsp;Close Bloom application.<br>
243. &nbsp; &nbsp;Download for translation a widget book from the given link : https://bloomlibrary.org/activities/books-with-widgets<br>
244. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the Books with Widgets (Html5 Activities) page opens.&nbsp;<br>
245. &nbsp; &nbsp;Select any book from this web page. (eg., hhttps://bloomlibrary.org/activities/books-with-widgets/book/ImfFNhoXPJ)<br>
246. &nbsp; &nbsp;Download the book. (eg., Samoan Money Game)<br>
247. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book opens in Bloom application.<br>
248. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click MAKE A BOOK USING THIS SOURCE button.<br>
249. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book opens in the edit mode.&nbsp;<br>
250. &nbsp; &nbsp;Paste கதைகள் in the Front cover book title.<br>
251. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click Page 2 thumbnail.<br>
252. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the page 2 opens.<br>
253. &nbsp; &nbsp;Paste 'மரியாதை ராமன்' in the Content box.&nbsp;<br>
254. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Publish tab.<br>
255. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the BloomPUB button.<br>
256. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Publish as BloomPUB view opens.&nbsp;<br>
257. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Preview button.<br>
258. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'Removing one or more pages which require a higher subscription tier 1 Captive Widget Page' message appears in Creating Digital Book dialog.<br>
259. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Close button.&nbsp;<br>
260. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Web button.&nbsp;<br>
261. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Publish to Web view opens.&nbsp;<br>
262. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click 'Click to fix' near Missing Copyright.<br>
263. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Copyright and License dialog open.&nbsp;<br>
264. &nbsp; &nbsp;Enter 'Tester' in the Copyright Holder box.&nbsp;<br>
265. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the OK button.&nbsp;<br>
266. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Publish tab.<br>
267. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Web button.&nbsp;<br>
268. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify Publish to Web view opens.<br>
269. &nbsp; &nbsp;Check all the three checkboxes under Agreements.<br>
270. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click 'SIGN IN OR SIGN UP TO BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG' button.<br>
271. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify it opens the Sign In / Sign Up dialog.<br>
272. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the 'Sign in with email' button.<br>
273. &nbsp; &nbsp;Enter the registered email (with bloom) in the Email text box. (eg., shawn@eth.net)<br>
274. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Next button.<br>
275. &nbsp; &nbsp;Enter valid password in the password text box.&nbsp;<br>
276. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Sign In button.<br>
277. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button appears on the Publish to Web view.&nbsp;<br>
278. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click 'UPLOAD BOOK (To DEV.BLOOMLIBRARY.ORG)' button<br>
279. &nbsp; &nbsp;Wait for a few seconds.<br>
280. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click VIEW ON BLOOM LIBRARY button.<br>
281. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book opens in the blorg. (ie., dev.bloomlibrary.org).<br>
282. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the READ button.<br>
283. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the book opens in Bloom Player.&nbsp;<br>
284. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the harvested book has no widget page in the book.<br>
285. &nbsp; &nbsp;Click the Close button.<br>
286. &nbsp; &nbsp;Verify the blorg site closes.</p>
<p><br>
Cleanup Steps:<br>
1. &nbsp; &nbsp;Delete the Basic book.<br>
2. &nbsp; &nbsp;Close Bloom application.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
```

### Expectation

# Attributes

* Execution_Level: Regression
* Execution_Mode: Manual
* Product_Version: Current
* Status: Active

# Metadata

* automated: False
* broken: False
* createdBy: don_dillard@sil.org
* createdTime: 1751239189222
* deleted: False
* lastModifiedBy: 
* lastModifiedTime: 1761840703131
* launchBroken: False
* locked: False
